

Come you ladies and you gentlemen, a-listen to my song.
Sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong.
Just a little glimpse of a story I'll tell
Bout an East Coast city that you all know well It's hard times from the country
Livin' down in New York town.

Old New York City is a friendly old town, From Washington Heights to Harlem on down.
There's a mighty many people and they're all millin' around,
They'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down. It's hard times from the country
Livin' down in New York town.

Well, the weak and the strong, and the rich and the poor
Gather together, ain't room for no more, Crowded up above, crowded down below,
When someone disappears, you never even know.
It's hard times from the country
Livin' down in New York town.

It's a mighty long ways from the Golden Gate To Rockefeller Plaza 'n' the Empire State.
Mister Empire sets up as high as a bird,
Old Mister Rockefeller never says a word It's hard times from the country, Livin' down in New York town.

Well, it's up in the mornin' tryin' to find a job of work.
Stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt. If you got a lot o' money you can make yourself merry, If you only got a nickel, it's the Staten Island Ferry. And it's hard times from the country Livin' down in New York town.

Mister Hudson come a-sailin' down the stream And old Mister Minuet paid for his dream. Bought your city on a one-way track, If I had my way I'd sell it right back. And it's hard times from the country Livin' down in New York town.

I'll take all the smog in Cal-i-for-ne-ay,
An' every bit of dust in the Oklahoma plains,
An' the dirt in the caves of the Rocky Mountain mines.
It's all much cleaner than the New York kind. And it's hard times in the country Livin' down in New York town.

So all you newsy people, spread the news around, You c'n listen to m' story, listen to m' song. You c'n step on my name, you c'n try 'n' get me beat, When I leave New York, I'll be standin' on my feet. And it's hard times from the country Livin' down in New York town.


Well, I saw it advertised one day,
That the Bear Mountain picnic was comin' my way.
"Come along 'n' take a trip,
We'll bring you up there on a ship. Bring the wife and family. Bring the whole ... kids." Yippee!

Well, I run right down 'n' bought a ticket
To this thing called the Bear Mountain Picnic.
Little did I realize
I was in for a pleasant funny surprise.
Had nothin' to do with picnics.
Didn't come close to a mountain.
I hate bears.

Took the wife 'n' kids down to the pier, There were six thousand people there, Everybody had a ticket for the trip.
"Oh well", I said, "it's a pretty big ship.
Besides, anyhow, the more the merrier."

Well, we all got on 'n' what d'ya think, That big old boat started t' sink. More people kept a-pilin' on,
That old ship was a-goin' down.
Funny way t' start a picnic.

Well, I soon lost track of m' kids 'n' wife, So many people I never saw in m' life.
That old ship was sinkin' down in the water,
There were six thousand people tryin' t' kill each other,
Dogs a-barkin', cats a-screamin',
Women a-yellin', men a-flyin', fists a-flyin', babies flyin', Cops a-comin', me a-runnin'.
Maybe we just better call off the picnic.

I got shoved down, got pushed around All I remember was a moanin' sound.
Don't remember one thing more,
All I remember was wakin' up on the shore,
My arms and legs were broken,
My feet were splintered, my head was cracked,
I couldn't walk, couldn't talk, smell, feel,
Couldn't see, I didn't know where I was,
I was bald
Quite lucky to be alive though.

Well, feelin' like I just climbed outa m' casket, I grabbed back hold of m' picnic basket. Took the wife 'n' kids 'n' started home, Wishin' I'd never got up that mornin'.

Now, I don't care just what you do, If you wanta have a picnic, that's up t' you. But don't tell me about it, I don't wanta hear it, Cause, see, I just lost all my picnic spirit.
Stay in m' kitchen, have a picnic in m' bathroom.

Now, it don't seem to me quite so funny
What some people are gonna do f'r money. There's a bran' new gimmick every day Just t' take somebody's money away.
I think we oughta take some o' these people And put 'em on a boat, send 'em up to Bear Mountain ...
For a picnic.


The trail is dark and dusty
And the road is kind of rough, But the good road is a-waitin' And boys it aint far off.

Trails of troubles, roads of battles, Paths of victory, we shall walk.

I walked down to the valley          I turned my head up high.
I seen that silver linin' That was hangin' in the sky.

Trails of troubles, roads of battles, Paths of victory, we shall walk.

The evenin' dusk was rollin'
I was walking down the track. There was a one-way wind a-blowin' And it was blowin' at my back.

Trails of troubles, roads of battles, Paths of victory, we shall walk.

The gravel road is bumpy,
It's a hard old road to ride,
But the clearer road's off yonder, With the cinders on the side.

Trails of troubles, roads of battles, Paths of victory, we shall walk.

The mornin' train was movin',
The hummin' of it's wheels, Told me of a new day
Comin' across the fields.

Trails of troubles, roads of battles, Paths of victory, we shall walk.


Well, I was feelin' sad and kind of blue, I didn't know what I wus gonna do.
The Communists wus a-comin' around,
They wus in the air,
They wus on the ground.
They wus all over ...

So I run down most hurriedly And joined the John Birch Society.
Got me a secret membership card
And went back home to the yard Started lookin' on the side-walk Under the hedges ...

Well, I got up in the mornin' 'n' looked under my bed, I wus lookin' everyplace for them gol-damned Reds. Looked behind the sink and under the floor Looked in the glove compartment of my car.
Couldn't find any ...

Looked behind the clothes, behind the chair
Lookin' for them Reds everywhere, Looked way up my chimney hole, Even looked deep down inside my toilet bowl.
They got away ...

I heard some footsteps by the front porch door
So I grabbed my shot gun from the floor
Snuck around the house with a huff and a hiss Sayin' "Hands up, you Communist!" It was the mailman.
He punched me out ...

Well, I wus sittin' home alone an' I started to sweat, I figured they wus in my TV set.
I peeked behind the picture frame, Got a shock from my feet, that hit my brain.
Them Reds did it!
Hootenanny television!

Well, I quit my job so I could work alone, Got a magnifying glass like Sherlock Holmes.
Followed some clues from my detective bag
And discovered red stripes on the American Flag!
Betsy Ross ...

Now, Eisenhower he's a Russian spy,
Lincoln and Jefferson and that Roosevelt guy.
To my knowledge there's just one man
That's really an' truly an American: that's George Lincoln Rockwell.
I know for a fact he hates Commies cus he picketed the movie Exodus.

Well, I fin'ly started thinkin' straight
When I run outa things to investigate. I couldn't imagine nothin' else, So now I'm home investigatin' myself!
Hope I don't find out too much ... Good God!


Farewell Angelina
The bells of the crown
Are being stolen by bandits
I must follow the sound
The triangle tingles
The music plays slow
But farewell Angelina The night is on fire And I must go.

There is no use in talking
And there's no need for blame
There is nothing to prove
Ev'rything still is the same
A table stands empty
By the edge of the stream
But farewell Angelina
The sky's changin' colors And I must leave.

The jacks and the queens
They've forsaked the courtyard
Fifty-two gypsies
Now file past the guard
In the space where the deuce
And the ace once ran wild
Farewell Angelina The sky is folding
I'll see you after a while.

See the cross-eyed pirates
Sit perched in the sun
Shooting tin cans
With a sawed-off shotgun
And the cockerels and the neighbors
Clap and cheer with each blast
But farewell Angelina
The sky it is trembling And I must leave fast.

King Kong, little elves
In the rooftops they dance
Valentino-type tangos
While the heroes clean hands
Shut the eyes of the dead
Not to embarrass anyone
Farewell Angelina
The sky is flooding over And I must be gone.

The camouflaged parrot
He flutters from fear
When something he doesn't know about
Suddenly appears
What cannot be imitated perfect
Must die
Farewell Angelina The sky's flooding over
And I must go where it is dry.

Machine guns are roaring
Puppets heave rocks
At misunderstood visions
And at the faces of clocks
Call me any name you like
I will never deny it
But farewell Angelina The sky is erupting
And I must go where it is quiet.


I paid fifteen million dollars, twelve hundred and seventy-two cents
I paid one thousand two hundred twenty-seven dollars and fifty-five cents
See my bull dog bite a rabbit
And my hound dog's sittin' on a barbed-wire fence

All right!

Well, my temperature rises and my feet can't walk so hot
Yes, my temperature rises and my feet can't walk so hot
Well, this Arabian doctor comes in, gives me a shot
But wouldn't tell what it was that I got

Well, this woman I've got, she's killing me alive
Yes, this woman I've got, she's killing me alive
She is making me into an old man,
And, man, I'm not even twenty-five

Of course, you're gonna think this song is a riff
I know you're gonna think this song is a riff
Unless you've been inside a tunnel
And fell down 69, 70 feet over a barbed-wire fence

All right!


Well, I ride on a mailtrain, baby, Can't buy no thrill.
Yes, I've been up all night, baby, Leanin' on the windowsill.
Well, if I die
On top of the hill
And if I don't make it,
You know my baby will.

Don't the moon look good, mama, Shinin' down through the trees? Don't the ghost child look good, baby Sitting on his madman's knee? Don't the sun look good
Goin' down over the sea? Don't my gal look fine When she's comin' after me?

All right!

Well, I've just been to the baggage car
Where the engineer's been tossed I sent out for the compasses
Sure don't know what they cost. Well, I wanna be your lover, baby, I don't wanna be your boss.
I can't help it none
If this train gets lost.


Santa Fé
Dear dear dear dear dear Santa Fé
My woman needs every day
She promised to let me stay
She's rolling up a knot to pray to Gods away
She's in Santa Fé
Dear dear dear dear dear Santa Fé

Now she opens up and lets me home
She's brown but she keeps from roam
She'll open up a happy home
She'll think when will that be warm in Santa Fé

Santa Fé,
Dear dear dear dear Santa Fé
She's arms never teach to roam
They're never never far from home
I'll never ever ever roam
To sail away
She's all feel bad
No no no no don't don't don't feel bad
She's the worst thing he's ever had
She's a mad, man that he's so glad
She's over above the hat to bad
She's never disappear so bad
I went away

Santa Fé,
Dear dear dear dear dear dear Santa Fé
My own heart city lay
I won't have a nature way
And I'm leavin every day to run away
From Santa Fé, dear dear dear dear dear Santa Fé

My woman's left sittin at home
She's actin' the police unknown
She cried like an evening stone
She leap back under a broom
But she ain't gonna find a room
And the tears send her on own ever day


If not for you,
Babe, I couldn't find the door,
Couldn't even see the floor, I'd be sad and blue, If not for you.

If not for you,
The night would see me wide awake
The day would surely have to break But it would not be new, If not for you.

If not for you, My sky would fall,
Rain would gather too. Without your love I'd be nowhere at all, I'd be lost if not for you.

If not for you,
The winter would hold no spring,
Couldn't hear the robin sing, I just wouldn't have a clue, If not for you.


Lately I've been having evil dreams, I wake up in a cold blue glare.
I run the tape back in my mind, wonder if I took the wrong road somewhere. Searching for the truth the way God designed it While the real truth is that I may be afraid to find it.

Well, I need a woman, all right Need a woman, every night.
To be with me and know me as I am
To show me the kind of love that don't have to be condemned And I want you to be that woman every day Be that woman every way.

I've had my eyes on you baby, for five long years.
Well, you probably don't know me at all
But I've seen your laughter and I've seen your tears.
Tell tale heart will show itself to anybody near
There's always some new stranger in the night to lend a sympathetic ear.

Well, I need a woman, to heed my home I need a woman, that's mine alone.
Seen you in a doorway, I seen you in the park Seen you in the sunshine, I seen you in the dark. And I want you to be that woman every day Be that woman every way.

You keep listening to something long enough
You're just bound to believe that it's true
You know there's somethings that you put out
Its gonna come back on you
That which is not permanent don't last
Whatever's waiting in the future could be what you're running from in the past

Be that woman... (??)
Be that woman take it from the Savior

Someone who likes simple things, is not afraid to bend
Someone who don't make herself up to make every man her friend
And I want you to be that woman every day
Be that woman every way

Don't know what you got that I want
Don't know what I got to give
Don't know how much time that I've got
Don't know how long I'll live
The rebellion in my soul, why was it created?
To blur the focus of my mind and keep me isolated

But I need a woman, yeah don't I?
Need a woman, all the time
To see the promised land with me as the time goes by
To rule my heart with sweetness and boldness from on high And I want you to be that woman yes I do Be that woman straight and true.


They say eat, drink and be merry
Take the bull by the horn
I keep seeing visions of you
A lily among thorns
Everything looks a little far away too me
Getting harder and harder to recognize the track
Too much information about nothing
Too much educated rap
Just like you told me
It's just like you said it would be

Well, the moon's goin' up like wildfire
I feel the breath of a storm
There's something I gotta do tonight
You go inside and stay warm

Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
You, you, you, you got a hold of my heart

Just got back from a city, city of red skies
Everybody thinks with their stomach
And there's plenty of spies
Every street is crooked
They just wind around until they disappear
Madame Butterfly she lulls me to sleep
Like an ancient river
So wide and so deep
She said be easy baby
Ain't nothing worth stealing in here

You're the one I been waiting for
You're the one that I desire
But you must realize first
I'm not another man you can hire

Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
You, you, you, you got a hold of my heart

I can hear that hot blooded singer on the bandstand croon Poisoned Love, Red Roses For A Blue Lady and Memphis In June
While they're beating the devil
Out of a guy who's wearing a powder blue wig
I been to Babylon, I gotta confess
I can still hear that voice crying in the wilderness
What looks large from a distance
Close up is never that big
Never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine
Never could learn to look at your face and call it mine

Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
Someone got a hold of my heart
You, you, you, you got a hold of my heart


I was thinking of a series of dreams
Where nothing comes up to the top
Everything stays down where it's wounded
And comes to a permanent stop
Wasn't thinking of anything specific
Like in a dream where someone wakes up and screams
Nothing too very scientific
Just thinking of a series of dreams

Thinking of a series of dreams
Where the time and the tempo drag
And there's no exit in any direction
Except the one that you can't see with your eyes
Wasn't making any great connection
Wasn't falling for any intricate scheme
Nothing that would pass inspection
I was just thinking of a series of dreams

Dreams where the umbrella is folded
And into the path you are hurled
And the cards are no good that you're holding
Unless they're from another world

In one the surface was frozen
In another I witnessed a crime
In one I was running and in another
All I seemed to be doing was crying
Wasn't looking for any special assistance
Nor going through any great extremes
I'd already gone the distance
Just thinking of a series of dreams

Dreams where the umbrella is folded
And into the path you are hurled
And the cards are no good that you're holding
Unless they're from another world

I'd already gone the distance
Just thinking of a series of dreams
Just thinking of a series of dreams
Just thinking of a series of dreams


The queen of his diamonds
And the jack his knave
Won't you dig my grave With a silver spade?
And forget my name.
I'm twenty years old.
That's twenty years gone. Can't you see me crying, Can't you see me dying, I'll never reach twenty-one ...




I knew a boy named Hugh Brown
He's the laziest man in town
Got up this morning and combed his hair
He's so lazy, he just don't go anywhere
He just kinda opens his door and walks out
And looks around and walks away

Well, he sprained his arm combing his hair
I don't think that's quite really fair
He lays in bed all the time
I don't think that's very right
He's such a lazy bastard

You know it was raining the other day,
I mean the other night,
And Hugh Brown said
And Hugh Brown, he's so lazy that,
He said to me "Bob, it's raining on my bed"
And I says "Oh" - and he says "Yeah" - and I says "Oh"
Hugh Brown never closed the window

Oh, that's the end.




Come gather 'round you people, a story I will tell,
About a night not long ago, you all remember well.
I tell it to you straight and true, I tell it like friend.
All about the fearful night, we thought the world would end.

I was walking down the sidewalk not causing any harm
The radio reported it sounded with alarm
The Russian ships were sailing all out across the sea.
We all feared by daybreak it would be World War Number Three.

I was worried about an argument I had the day before Over some small matter, I'm sure it was nothin' more.
But just a day ago, how it wrinkled up my brow.
The same thing today seem so unimportant now.




This is all about what the Devil is. Some people say that there is no Devil ...

Well, sometimes you can't see him so good,
When he hides his head in his snow white hood, And rides to kill with his face well hid
And then goes home to his wife and kids.
Wonder if his kids know who he is?

Well, he wants you to hate, he wants you to fear,
He wants you to fear something that's not even there, He'll give you your hate, he'll give you his lies, He'll give you the weapons to run out and die.
And you give him your soul.




I came down to New York Town,
Got out and started walking around,
I's up around Sixty-Second Street,
All of a sudden comes a cop on his beat,
Said my hair was too long, said my boots were too dirty, Said my hat was un-American, said he'd throw me in jail.

So I got out on a subway and took a seat
Got out on forty-second street
I met this fellow named Delores there
He started rubbin' his hands thru my hair
I figured somethin' was wrong so I ran through 10 hot dog stands,
4 movie houses and a couple a dancing studios to get back on the subway train.

The wind it blew me north and south
It blew me in a coffee house
I met this fellow with sun glasses on
He told me he sung folksongs
I believed him 'cause he was wearin' sun glasses.

He sung "Scarlet Ribbons" 'bout ten times or more
He sung "Michael row the boat ashore"
He sung "Where do all the flowers go?" There was no folksong he didn't know
The ones he didn't know he didn't like anyway.

On MacDougal Street I saw a cubby hole
I went in to get out of the cold
Found out after I entered
The place was called the Folklore Center
Owned by Izzy Young - he's always in the back - of the center.

They got real records and real books
Anybody can walk in and look
You don't have to own a Cadillac car
Or a nine-hundred and fifty-two dollar guitar
Do like most people do - walk in - walk around - walk out.

But that's not the way you see
That ain't the way it oughta be
There's just one way a lookin' at it You shouldn't take this place for granted That'll always be here.
So go down and buy a record or a book
Don't just walk around and look
You can do that when you go uptown
When you come down here you're on common ground Common people ground - common guitar people ground WE NEED EVERY INCH OF IT!



(Recorded version)

Well, I took me a woman late last night,
I's three-fourths drunk, she looked all right,
Till she started peelin' off her onion gook She took off her wig, said "how do I look?" I's high-flyin' ... bare-naked ...
Out the window!

Well, sometimes I might get drunk, Walk like a duck and smell like a skunk. Don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride Cause I got my little lady right by my side.
She's a-tryin' to hide
Pretendin' she don't know me

I's out there paintin' on the old woodshed When a can a black paint it fell on my head. I went down to scrub and rub But I had to sit in back of the tub.
Cost a quarter
Half price

Well, my telephone rang it would not stop,
It's President Kennedy callin' me up
He said "My friend, Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?"
I said "My friend, John, Brigitte Bardot"
"Anita Ekberg"
"Sophia Loren"
"Country'll grow!"

Well, I got a woman five feet short
She yells and hollers and screams and snorts.
She tickles my nose and pats me on my head Rolls me over and kicks me out of bed She's a man-eater ... meat grinder ...
Bad loser!

Oh, there ain't no use in me working all the time
I got a woman who works herself blind
Works up to her bridges, up to her neck Writes me letters and sends me checks.
She's a humdinger
Folk singer
Late one day in the middle of the week Eyes were closed I was half asleep. I chased me a woman up the hill Right in the middle of an air raid drill.
I jumped a fallout shelter
I jumped a string bean
I jumped a T.V. dinner I jumped a shotgun.

Now the man on the stand he want my vote, He's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note. He's out there preachin' in front of the steeple, Tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people.
He's eatin' bagels.
He's eatin' pizza.
He's eatin' chitlins.

Oh, I set me down on a television floor, I flipped the channel to number four. Out of the shower comes a football man With a bottle of oil in his hand.
Greasy kid stuff!

What I want to know, Mr Football Man, is
What do you do about Willy Mays, Martin Luther King,
Olatunji

Well the funniest woman I ever seen Was the great-granddaughter of Mr Clean. She takes about fifteen baths a day Wants me to grow a moustache on my face.
She's insane!

Well, ask me why I'm drunk alla time, It levels my head and eases my mind.
I just walk along and stroll and sing
I see better days and I do better things
I catch dinosaurs
I make love to Elizabeth Taylor ...
Catch hell from Richard Burton!



Corrina, Corrina
Gal, what’s on your mind
Corrina, Corrina
Gal, what’s on your mind
Well, I’m sittin’ down thinkin’ I just can’t keep from crying

I got a bird that whistles
I got a bird that sings
I got a bird that whistles
I got a bird that sings
But I ain’t got Corrina
Life don’t mean a thing

Ain’t got Corrina
I can’t be satisfied Ain’t got Corrina
I can’t be satisfied Got a barricade on my trail The devil’s by my side.

Corrina, Corrina
Where you been so long?
Corrina, Corrina
Gal, where you been so long?
I been worr’in’ ’bout you, baby Baby, please come home

<the third verse is new>

Down the road baby,
Down the road I’m bound to go
But I really love you
But I can’t stay around no more

<new verse>


Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna hear my milk cow moan
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna leave my lonesome home
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna hit that highway road
But then again, and then again, and then again,
Oh babe, I’m in the mood for you

Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna lay right down and die
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna sit right here and cry
Sometimes I’m in the mood, Lord I wanna kiss you tonight
And  then again, and then again,  I said
Oh babe, I’m in the mood for you

Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna change my house around
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I’m gonna make a change in this here town
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I’m gonna change the world around
But then oh, I said oh, I said oh, I said oh
Oh babe, I’m in the mood for you

Sometimes I’m in the mood, I wanna rag up against the wall
Sometimes I’m in the mood, I’m gonna live in my pony’s stall
And sometimes I’m in the mood, I ain’t gonna do nothin’ at all
But then again, I said oh, I said oh,
Oh babe, I’m in the mood for you




Well, I feel like runnin’ down the Shenandoah
I got a home on the highway,  I feel I’m bound to go Bound to go, bound to go.

And the Lone Ranger and Tonto
They are ridin’ down the line
They’re fixin’ ev’rybody’s troubles
Ev’rybody’s ’cept mine
Somebody musta tol’ ’em That I was doin’ fine

Oh you five and ten cent women
With nothin’ in your heads
I got a real gal I’m lovin’
And I’ll love her till I’m dead
Go away from my door and my window too

I ain’t goin’ down to no race track
See no sports car run
I don’t have no sports car
Lord, I don’t even wish to have one
I can walk all the way around the block

I got a clock in my stomach
And a watch in my head
I’m a-tickin’ so loud,
Lord, I’m gonna wound up dead
Yes, I will, no I won’t, maybe I will

Well, I gotta keep on a-goin’
Up and down the street
With my hat in my hand
And my boots on my feet
Here I come, here I go, come again

Look-a here buddy
You want to be like me
Pull out your gun
And rob every bank you can see Tell the judge I said it was all right Yes!


I got mixed up confusion
Man, it’s a-killin’ me
Well, there’s just too many people
And they’re all too hard to please

And my hat’s in my hand
Babe, I’m walkin’ down the line
I’m lookin’ for a woman
Whose head’s mixed up like mine

I’m too old to lose
Baby, I’m just too young to win
And I feel like a stranger
In the world I’m livin’ in

And I’m walkin’ and a-wonderin’
My poor feet don’t ever stop
Seein’ my reflection
I’m hung over, hung down, hung up!

<third verse is new>




Tenderly William kissed his wife. Her knuckles were white on the kitchen knife And the swan on the river goes gliding by.

Lady Margaret's pillow is wet with tears.
No-one has touched her in twenty years.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.
The swan on the river goes gliding by.

The doctor gave Sally a sad surprise.
A seven pound baby with no eyes.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.

Little Billy Brown will shake with fright.
He has a new father every night.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.
The swan on the river goes gliding by.

My father will drink, my mother will mope.
The girl I'm in love with takes dope.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.
The swan on the river goes gliding by.

Oh, when will the swan begin to sing?
For we are weary of everything.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.
The swan on the river goes gliding by.


Tenderly William kissed his wife.
Then he opened her head with a butcher knife.
And the swan on the river went gliding by.

Lady Margaret's pillow was wet with tears.
Nobody's been on it in twenty years.
And the swan on the river goes gliding by.
The swan on the river goes gliding by.

Little Billy Brown will shake with fright.
He's got a new daddy and mommy every night.
And the swan on the river goes laughing by.
The swan on the river goes laughing by.

"I've got a sad surprise" the doctor said
"A twenty pound baby without any head" The swan on the river went lookin'  ......




I'm troubled and I don't know why
I'm troubled and I don't know why
There's trouble on my mind
And it's driving me blind
I'm troubled and I don't know why

What did the newspaper tell?
What did the newspaper tell?
Well it rolled in the door
And it bounced on the floor
And thing's ain't going too well

What did the television squawk?
What did the television squawk? Well it roared and it boomed
And it bounced around the room
And it didn't say nothing at all

What did the movie screen lecture?
What did the movie screen lecture?
Well, it sank and it rose
And it took off all it's clothes
And I left in the middle of the picture

I'm troubled and I don't know why
I'm troubled and I don't know why
There's trouble on my mind
And it's driving me blind
I'm troubled and I don't know why




Seems like only yesterday
I left my mind behind
Down in the Gypsy Caf`
With a friend of a friend of mine
She sat with a baby heavy on her knee
Yet spoke of life most free from slavery
With eyes that showed no trace of misery A phrase in connection first with she  Offered that love is just a four-letter word.

Outside a rattling store-front window
Cats meowed to the break of day
Me, I kept my mouth shut, too
I had no words to say
My experience was limited none the same You did all the talking while I hid
To the one who was the father of your kid
You probably didn't think I did
But I heard you say that love is just a four-letter word.

I said goodbye unnoticed
Pushed forth into my own games
Drifting in and out of lifetimes
Unmentionable by name
Searching for my double, looking for
Complete evaporation to the core
Though I tried and failed in finding any door
I must have thought that there was nothing more Absurd than that love is just a four-letter word.

Though I never knew just what you meant
When you were speaking to your man
I can only think in terms of me
And now I understand
After waking enough times to think I see
The Holy Kiss that's supposed to last eternity
Blow up in smoke, its destiny
Falls on strangers, travels free
Yes, I know now, traps are only set by me And I do not really need to be
Assured that love is just a four-letter word.

Strange it is to be beside you
Many years, the tables turned
You'd probably not believe me
If I told you all I've learned
And it is very, very weird indeed
To hear words like "forever" plead
Though ships run through my mind, I cannot cheat
It's like looking in the teacher's face complete I can say nothing to you but repeat
What I heard that love is just a four-letter word.




Oh my name it is nothing
My age it means less
The country I come from
Is called the midwest
I was taught and brought up there
The laws to abide
And that the land that I live in Has God on its side.

Oh the history books tell it
They tell it so well
The cavalries charged
The indians fell
The cavalries charged
The indians died
Oh the country was young With God on its side.

Oh the Spanish American
War had its day
And the civil war too
Was soon laid away
And the names of the heroes
I was made to memorize
With guns in their hands and And God on their side.

Oh the first world war boys
It closed out its fate
The reason for fighting
I never got straight
But I learned to accept it
Accept it with pride For you don't count the dead  When God's on your side.

When the second world war
Came to an end
We forgave the Germans
And we were friends
Though they murdered six million
In the ovens they fried
The Germans now too
Have God on their side.
In the nineteen sixties
Came the Vietnam War
Can somebody tell me
What we were fighting for
So many young men died
So many mothers cried Now I ask the question Was God on our side?

I've learned to hate Russians
All through my whole life
If another war starts
It's them we must fight
To hate them and fear them
To run and to hide And accept it all bravely With God on my side.

But now we've got weapons
Of chemical dust
If fire them we're forced to
Then fire them we must
One push of the button
And a shot the world wide
And you never ask questions  When God's on your side.

In many a dark hour
I've been thinking about this
That Jesus Christ was
Betrayed by a kiss
But I can't think for you
You'll have to decide
Whether Judas Iscariot  Had God on his side.

So now as I'm leaving
I'm weary as hell
The confusion I'm feeling
Ain't no tongue can tell The words fill my head
And fall to the floor If God's on our side He'll stop the next war.



Come you phoney super-patriotic people that say
That hating and fearing is my only way
That this here country has got to be
You're thinking of yourselves, you ain't thinking of me.

You're not thinking of any George Washington
You're not thinking of any Thomas Jefferson
But you say that you are and you lie and mislead For your aims for yourself and your greed.

Don't speak to me of your patriotism
When you throw the Southern black boy in prison
And you say that the only good niggers are the ones that have died Don't think I'd ever stand on your side.

Though you make it so hard for me to love
My face will never feel the slap of your glove My hands will never buy the cards that you play My feet will never walk down the road that you lay.

Get out in the open, stop standing afar
Let the whole world see what a hypocrite you are
I ain't joking and it ain't no gag
You bin hiding too long behind the American flag.




Long-distance operator,
Place this call, it's not for fun.
Long-distance operator,
Please, place this call, it's not for fun. I gotta give a message to my baby You know, she's not just anyone.

There are thousands in the phone booth, Thousands at the gate.
Well, there are thousands in the phone booth, Thousands at the gate.
Everybody wants to make a long-distance call But you know everybody just gonna have to wait.

She don't need no shotgun Blades are not her style. She don't need no shotgun Blades are not her style. She can poison you with her eyes She can kill you with her smile.

If the call comes from Louisiana, Please, let it rise.
If the call comes from Louisiana, Please, let it rise. This phone booth's on fire, It's getting hot inside.

Ev'rybody wants to be my friend, Nobody wants to get higher. Ev'rybody wants to be my friend, Nobody wants to get higher.
Long-distance operator,
I believe I'm stranglin' on this telephone wire.

4 December 1965, with help from Ron Mura]



When I'd ask why the painting was deadly
Nobody could pick up my sign
'Cept for the cook she was always ready
But she'd only ask what's on your mind
She'd say that especially when it was raining
I'd say "Oh, I don't know"
But then she'd press and I'd say "See that painting, Do you think it's been done by van Gogh?".

The cook she said call her Maria
She'd always point for the slim boy to come forth
Saying he treat ?????? it's his own idea
And he also makes trips to the North
Have you ever seen his naked 'Cathleen'
I'd say "Oh no, why does it show?"
And she'd whisper in my ear that he's a half breed
And I'd say "It's fine but can he paint like van Gogh?"
I can't remember his name, he never gave it
When I always figured he could go home
Till when he gave me his card and said "Save it"
I could see by his eyes he was alone
And it was sad how his four leaf clover,
Drawn on his calling card showed
That it was given back to him a millon times over, And it most definiteley was not done by van Gogh.

You know she often came just to please me
Though I sensed she could not understand
And she made a thing out of it by saying "Go easy,
He's a straight, but he's a very crooked straight man" And I'd say, "Does the girl in the calendar doubt it?
And by the way is it Marilyn Monroe?"
But she just spit softly and said "Why do you wanna know about it?"
And I'd say "I was just wondering if she ever sat for van Gogh"

It was either her or the straight man who introduced me
To Jeanette, Camilla's friend
Who later on falsely accused me
Of stealing her locket and her pen
And I said "I don't have the locket"
She said "You'd steal pictures of everybody's mother, I know"
And I said "There's no locket, no picture of any mother I would pocket,
Unless it's been done by van Gogh"

Camilla's house, it's stood on the outskirts
How strange to see the chandeliers destroy While patiently he fills her coffee Of foxhunts and ????




Why I can't leave her I don't know
Well she leads me where she goes
I can't find her nowhere Well she needs me here
Honey I just can't hear her walking
I just can't hear her talk
Though sometimes you know I will
And when it comes my way
I'll just be left standing night and day
I will call her and say
That I don't try, try, I try but she cried
And I can't leave her behind




Ah, she's walking in the morning
Honey you come home
I'm on my way since long ago
You just can't know
If you have to come home I'll try
If I have to but I'll be crying
What If I'm troubled
Well, I can be unkind
I'll try to __________
Can't come in
And I'll walk away to find
Her in the morning
I'll try to maybe
Try to help if I can
And I'll be there but I just can't find you




What kind of friend is this
Who goes behind my back
What kind of friend is this
Shows up every place I am
She can make it long, but she don't
She's laying low but you know
She'd rather lay in the morning
Making it on my bed
Oh, what kind of friend is this

What kind of friend is this
Making everyone around
What kind of friend is this
Listening to everything I found
She's tough on board
When she goes down
Late at night
Walk around
Well, she ain't good looking
But she keeps on turtledoving in
The backyard bed
Tell me what kind of friend is this

She don't love and she don't hug
You know she's going to be a dog
She don't and she don't
Her heart's beating and she knows she's wrong
What kind of friend is this

What kind of friend is this
Makes you hightail to and fro
What kind of friend is this
Wants to go wherever I go
Gad darned shame
Don't care for me
My old lady if she could only see
Tell me what kind of friend is this




I'm going down to Rose Marie's
She never does me wrong
She puts it to me plain as day And gives it to me for a song.

It's a wicked life but what the hell
Baby, everybody's got to eat, And I'm just the same as anyone else When it comes to scratching for my meat.

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run
Goin' down to see soccer
Goin' to have some fun.
Yeah
Goin' to have some fun.

Now, whenever I get up
And can't find what I need I just make it down to Rose Marie's And get something quick to eat.

It's lots of ways to make a livin'
And I ain't complainin' none
For I can blow my plum and drink my rum
And go on home and have my fun

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run Goin' down to see soccer Goin' to have some fun.
Yeah
Goin' to have some fun.

Now, if someone offers me a joke,
I just say no thanks
I try to tell it like it is
And keep away from pranks.

Well, sometime you know when the well breaks down I just go on pump it some. Rose Marie, she likes  to go to big places And just sit there waitin' for me to come.

Goin' to Acapulco
Goin' on the run Goin' down to see soccer Goin' to have some fun.
Yeah
Goin' to have some fun.




Well I bought me a guitar
Put it in tune
Went out there in the month of June
Bought a hot dog and smelled it
And I smelled the crowd
Everybody was a-down on this side of a cloud
There was a holy cow and a medicine man
And a sacred cow and an iron jaw that wouldn't break

Well I tell you the story of how to become
An All American Boy
Instead of a bum
Pound on the drum from five to six
You'll be rocking and rollin and beating on bricks
It's a good job to have if you're not working
Clean your stuff and come up tight
Gotta wish for it and that's right
Go for a train on a whiskey jar
Guzzle it up, here you are
Pick it up, now hit it And the girls wiggle
Yes, I've been making them all jump up and down
And mingle in the socks And their britches
Oh, you'll find that soon
You'll be in the itches
Itches all over
Itch in your pants
Itch while you dance
Itching on down to the south of France
Well, I know a boy of yesterday
He became a guitar and he floated away
In the summer and in the fall
Everyone said he was having a ball
Kicking up hot shit over the ocean
He took himself a notion
To put some of that lotion in his beat up guitar
Put it on him then
He's not very far
Next time you call him a star
Down the road boy
They call him slim
They don't care if they're carrying him
Just a minute now, you'll see what I mean
Here he come now

Well sooner or later a boss gonna come
He gonna take a look at ya, look at your drum
Drink this sonny, it comes in a cup
Yeah, he'll take you out to his farm
Where he's fixing it up
Girls don't giggle out there on the mountain
Well, sooner or later you're bound to meet his wife
You'll come and have the time of your life
She's there and in her way
She sure does like the things you play
Well, you want to know about the manager soon
We'll take you outside 'cause he knows you can croon
He'll buy you new clothes, a new pair of shoes
You'll be walking with the big drum blues
You're a fine drummer now, you always knew you could be




(_) =  backing vocals

Well I bought me a guitar
Put it in tune
Went out there in the month of June
Everybody was a-down on this side
There was a holy cow (holy Cow)
Mean Cow (mean cow)
Double jaw (double Jaw)
Cow (Cow)

Well I'll tell you a story about how to become
An All American Boy

You can beat on a drum
Beat on a drum from five to six
You'll be rock and rollin' soon gettin' your kicks
It's a good job (good job)
Joinin' the band (joinin' the band)
Wave your hand (wave your hand)
Clean your hand and come up tight
Roll a smoke and down at night
Settle it down, there you are
Hold it steady, pick it up now
Now hit it (making the girls giggle)

Yes, you'll be makin' them little girlies giggle
You'll be makin' them all just jump up and down and wiggle
In their socks, in their britches
All you'll find that soon you'll be itches
Itches all over
Itch in your pants, itch while you dance

Well, I know a boy that yesterday
He become a guitar and he floated away
He's just on there havin' a ball
Kicking a hot storm up over the ocean
He took himself a notion
He got some lotion and he put it on his guitar
Put it on him
Next time you do it you can call him Jim
Down the road boy
They call him slim

They don't care if they're carry him
Just a minute now, you'll see what I mean
(Uncle Sam...in this land...rippin' up draft cards, an' all that-)

Well sooner or later a man's gonna come
He gonna take a look at ya, look at your drum
He be a man and he'll take you home
Yeah, he'll take you out to his farm
He'll give you a good un
He'll give it to ya
Well, he -
(Girls don't giggle no more)
Well, sooner or later you're bound to meet his wife
And you'll come in have the time of your life
Just pickin' up gum, pickin' up a star
Pickin' up and goin' and goin' to the bar
You and yur manager
(Pickin' my nose)
Well, you'll want to know about the manager soon
He'll take you outside and put you on the moon
He'll buy you new clothes, a new pair of shoes
You'll be walking 'way with the big drum blues
You'll be a fine drummer, pick 'em as they comin' Dog a-hummin'.




I want another Bourbon Street
Da da da da
Oh so sweet
Hold it down
You better keep it neat
Turn it over
It was so complete
I took it down and said
Oh, oh have a seat
But I don't live down
On Bourbon Street
No more, no more, no more, no more
No, I don't live down
On Bourbon Street no more

Bourbon Street
Lordy-Town
You better keep it sweet
Put all your loving apples
On your feet
I don't even mind
If you want to scratch your feet
You can bag it
Down in bitter sweet
I don't beat the meat
I like like my feet
Ain't no sleet
On my Bourbon Street

No. Bourbon Street
A happiness'll get you Bourbon Street
The girls they won't forget you
Down on Bourbon Street
Here they come now
Here they come now
Here they come now
Here they come now
All them little girls

I went down looking for Bourbon Street
I looked so high
It nearly took me off-a my feet
Bourbon Street
Oh, babe let me tell you,
Bourbon Street
Mr Bartender
I'll have another
Bourbon Street
Oh, let me tell you
Bourbon Street
Let me have another Bourbon Street
Talk to your brother, mother
I want a Bourbon Street
Mr Bartender
I'll have another
Bourbon Street




Things all crashing there, she's all too tight
In my neighbourhood, she cried both day and night
I know it - 'cause he was there
It's a milestone, but she's down on her luck And she's daily saloonin' but to make hard-earned buck Now and then ...

I believe she'd stop him if she wants time to care
I believe that she may look upon the side who used to care
And I go by the Lord anywhere, she's on my way
But I don't belong there

No, I don't belong to her, I don't belong to every choir
She's my Christ-forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry
She's the long-hearted mystic and she can't carry on
When I'm there she's alright, but then he's not when I'm gone

Heaven knows that the answers she knows con no-one
She's the way, for sale and beautiful, she's mine for the one
And I lost her, hesitating, by temptation as it runs
But she don't holler me, I'm not there, I'm gone

Now I'll cry tonight like I cried the night before
And I'm leased on the highs but I'll dream about the door
It's alone, she's forsaken by her fate, worse to tell
"It don't have approximation", she smiled "fare thee well"

Now, my all-decent lady, I was born to love her
But she knows that the kingdom waits so high above her
And I run, but I race, but it's not too fast to stay on
But I got the fever, I'm not there, I'm gone

Well it's all about diffusion as I cry for her veil
I don't need anybody now beside me to tell
And it's all affirmation I receive, but it's not She's alone, pardon, beauty, but she don't like the spot And she calls ...

Yes, she's gone like the rainbow that was shining yesterday
But now she's home beside me, and I'd like her here to stay
She's a lone forsaken beauty, and it's 'Don't trust anyone'
And I wish I was beside her, but I'm not there, I'm gone

Well it's too hard to stay here and I don't want to leave
It's so bad, or confusing, but she's hard too hard to leave
It's a load, it's a crime, the way she moulds me around
But she told, phoned to hate me, but it's down to make a clown

Yes, I believe that it's rightful, Oh I believe it in my mind
I've been told, like I said, when I ___________ before, carry on the grind
Yes, his old gypsy told her, like I said "Carry on"
I wish I was there to help her, but I'm not there, I'm gone





She's all right and she's all too tight
In my neighborhood she cried both day and night
I know it - because he was there
It's a milestone, but she's down on her luck
And she's daily saloonin' but to making hard to buck Now and then ...

I believe that she's stopping if she wants time to care
I believe that she'd look upon him deciding to care
And I go by the law, anyway she's on my way
But I don't belong there

No I don't belong to her, I don't belong to everybody
She's my Christ-forsaken angel, but she don't hear me cry
She's a long-hearted mystic and she can't carry on
When I'm there she's alright, but then she's not when I'm gone

Heaven knows that the answers she's don't calling no one
She's the way for sailing beautiful, she's mine for the one
And I lost a heavy __________ by temptation as it runs
But she don't honor me, I'm not there I'm gone

Now I'll cry tonight like I cried the night before
And I'm leased on the house but I dream about the door
She's alone, she's forsaken by a fate worse to tell
It don't have __________ she's my old fare-thee-well

Now when I __________ I was born to love her
But she knows that the kingdom waits so high above her
And I run, but I race, but it's not too fast or slow
But I don't perceive her, I'm not there I'm gone

Well it's all about ....... and I cry for her bell
I don't need anybody now beside me to tell
And it's all admiration I receive, but it's not
She's a lone parting beauty, but she don't like the spot
If she won't

Yes she's gone like the rainbow that was shining yesterday
But now she's home beside me and I'd like her here to stay
She's a form-forsaking beauty and it don't trust anyone
I wish I was beside her, but I'm not there I'm gone

Well it's too heart-forsaking and I don't want to believe
It's __________ but she's hard, too hard to leave
It's alone, it's a crime, the way she won't be around
______________________________

Yes, I believe that it's rightful, oh I believe it in my mind
I've been told, like I said <when I> before "carry on the grind" And this old gypsy told her, like I said "carry on"
I wish I was there to help her, but I'm not there I'm gone





Now the ruins are barely rolling
And the animals can't agree
On all the bushes in the nations
But nobody feels sorry for me
If I lost everything of all the cities
Yeah, but I can't help this smog
The day I feel it
She sure is standing
But the holy book is written
Oh, what page
They are all there
And as for a natural warning
But nobody done yet understand
Just like Pharao and his armies
They were made of solid bread, yeah
That old bad wolf's gonna howl his way to morning's
Hold to some big cavern
I would sit and wait, calling my children out there
But I just don't mean to hesitate
And if I was a missionary leader
I would attempt to laugh and rage
Yet the wild wolf he's still bubbling under
And not a babe



Bob Dylan & Carl Perkins

I got a woman in Morocco,
I got a woman in Spain, Woman that's done stole my heart, She lives up in Champaign.

I say Champaign, Champaign, Illinois, I certainly do enjoy Champaign, Illinois.

The first time that I went there, They treated me so fine.
Man alive, I'm telling you,
I thought the whole darn town was mine.

Up in Champaign,
I say Champaign, Champaign, Illinois, I certainly do enjoy Champaign, Illinois.

Well, I didn't have a home on Friday, And on a Saturday too.
Man alive, I'm telling you,
They'll know just what to do up in Champaign, Illinois.

Up in Champaign,
I say Champaign, Champaign, Illinois, I certainly do enjoy Champaign, Illinois.

Well, I've been a whole lotta places,
There's nothin' I ain't done, But when it comes to women, boy, I got only one.

She's up in Champaign, I say Champaign, Champaign, Illinois, Yes, I certainly do enjoy Champaign, Illinois.




Love fine living and Down high and low
She’s dreaming
But you might grow

You got me running
I just can’t stay
Sorry little girl
But this poor boy’s goin' away

Well hanging on the levy
And looking at the ship
I can’t stay
I believe I’ll make a trip

I’m running
I just can’t stay
Well I’m sorry little girl
But this poor boy’s goin' away

Well, let’s go away now! Well on the corner
Looking down on my watch
Poor feet, and I just can’t touch

I’m running
I just can’t stay
Well I’m sorry little girl
But this poor boy’s running away

Oh lets go out!

Recorded in Columbia Studio A, Nashville, Tennessee during the 2nd Self Portrait session, produced by Bob Johnston 26 April 1969. Source: 50th ANNIVERSARY COLLECTION released in Europe December 2019. Transcribed by Daniel Mackay.


This page last updated 16 March 2020.


There's guns across the river aimin' at you
Lawman at your trail, he'd like to catch you Bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get you Billy, they don't like you to be so free.

Campin' out all night on the berenda
Dealin' cards 'til dawn in the hacienda
Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send you Billy, don't you turn your back on me.

There's mirrors inside the minds of crazy faces
Bullet holes and rifles inside their cases There's always one more notch and four more aces Billy, and you're playin' all alone.

Playin' around with some sweet senorita
Into her dark hallway she will lead ya
In the shadows of the ______ she will greet you Billy, you're been runnin' for so long.

They say that Par Garret's got your number
So sleep with one eye open when you wonder If every little sound just might be thunder Thunder from the barrel of his gun.

Gypsy gueens will play your grand finale
Way down in some Tularosa alley Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley In the days when you were better known.

The business men from Taos want you to go down
So they hired Mr. Garrett to force you to slow down Billy, don't it make you to feel so low-down To be hunted by the man who was your friend?

So hang on to your woman if you got one
Remember in El Paso, once, you shot one Up in Santa F` she was a hot one Billy, you've been runnin' for so long.

Gypsy gueens will play your grand finale Billy, you been so far from home
Billy, you're so far away from home.


There's guns across the river 'bout to pound you
There's a lawman on your trail, likes to surround you Bounty hunters are dancin' all around you Billy, they don't like you to be so free.

Campin' out all night on the berenda
Walk in the streets down by the hacienda Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send you Billy, don't you turn your back on me.

There's mirrors inside the minds of crazy faces
Bullet holes and rifles in their cases
There's always one more notch and four more aces Billy, and you're playin' all alone.

Layin' around with some sweet senorita
Into her dark chamber she will greet ya In the shadows of the ______ she will lead you Billy, and you're goin' all alone.

They say that Par Garret's got your number
So sleep with one eye open when you wonder If every little sound just might be thunder Thunder from the barrel of his gun.

There's always another stranger sneakin' glances
Some trigger-happy fool willin' to take chances Some old whore from San Pedro to make advances advances on your spirit and your soul.

The business men from Taos want you to go down
So they hired Mr. Garrett to force you to slow down Billy, don't it make you to feel so low-down To be hunted by the man who was your friend?

So hang on to your woman if you got one
Remember in El Paso, once, you shot one Up in Santa F` you bought one Billy, you've been runnin' for so long.

Gypsy gueens will play your grand finale
Way down in some Tularosa alley
Maybe in the Rio Pecos valley
Billy, you're so far away from home
Billy, you're so far away from home Billy, you're so far away from home.



Goodbye Holly, Holly goodbye
Your wife's gonna miss you
Your baby's gonna cry
Goodbye Holly, Holly so long
All your good times have passed now and gone

Pat Garrett he shot you with a Colt .44
He dropped you 'cross the table
Now you're gone for ever more

Goodbye Holly, Holly goodbye
Your wife's gonna miss you
Your baby's gonna cry
Goodbye Holly, Holly so long
All your good times have passed now and gone



(Alternate version)

If dogs run free, why not we Across the swooping plain? My ears hear a symphony
Of two mules, trains and rain
The best is always yet to come
So they explain to me
Every way is the right way
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, why not we
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, then why not me Across the swamp of time?
My mind weaves a tapestry
Of fine design and rhyme
Oh, winds which rush my tale to thee
So it may flow and be
To each his own, it’s all unknown
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, why not we
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, then what must be
Must be, and that is all
True love can make a blade of grass
Stand up straight and tall
In harmony with the cosmic sea
True love needs no company
It can cure the soul, it can make it whole
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, then why not me
If dogs run free

If dogs run free, why not we
If dogs run free


(Alternate version)

If not for you
Babe, I couldn’t find the door
I couldn’t even see the floor
I’d be sad and blue
If not for you

If not for you
The night would see me wide awake
But day would surely have to break
It would not be new
If not for you

If not for you
My sky would fall
Rain would gather too
Without your love I’d be nowhere at all
I’d be lost if not for you
And you know it’s true

If not for you
Weather would have no rain
I couldn't even hear the robin sing
No, I wouldn't have a clue
If not for you



Mama, take this badge off of me
I can't use it anymore
It's gettin' dark, too dark to see I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, put my guns in the ground I can't shoot them anymore.
That long black cloud is comin' down I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, wipe the blood from my face
I'm sick and tired of the war
Got a lonely hard feeling and it's hard to trace I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, put my guns in the ground I can't shoot them anymore. That long black train is a-pullin' on down I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, wipe the blood off of my face I can't see through it anymore i need someone to talk to and I've no hiding place I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, I can hear that thunder roar
Echoin' down from God's distant shore I can hear 'em callin' out from my soul I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Mama, put my guns in back the ground I can't fire them anymore. That long black cloud is fallin' down I feel I'm lookin' at heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, take this blood off of my face
I can't see through it anymore
It's a feeling I just can't trace
Feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door

Mama, tow my barge down to sea
Pull it down from shore to shore Two brown eyes lookin' at me Feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knockin' on heaven's door
Knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Like so many times before

Goin' down by that road
Feelin' down more and more Take a chain _________________          Feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

Mama, take my ______ and my __________
I don't want it anymore
Two brown eyes starin' into my face I feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

Mama, take my poor star far away
Let it fall down to the floor But it's so far so ________ to stay Feel like I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

Mama, take this gun and put it far away
I won't fire it anymore
I'll be leavin' for far away Feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

Mama, wipe these tears off of my face
I can't see through them anymore
Gettin' out of here into some other place I feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

Mama, wipe the blood from my face
I can't see through it anymore Sometimes I feel so out of place And I feel I'm knockin' on heaven's door.

Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before
Just like so many times before
Just like so many times before
And I feel like I'm a-knockin' on heaven's door.
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Knock, knock, knockin' on heaven's door
Just like so many times before

(Alternate version)

Time passes slowly up here in the mountains
We sit beside bridges and walk beside fountains
Catch the wild fishes that float through the stream
Time passes slow when you’re lost in a dream

Once I had a sweetheart, she was fine and good-lookin’
We sat in her kitchen while her mama was cookin’
Stared out the window to the stars high above
Time passes slowly when you’re searchin’ for love

Ain’t no reason to go in the morning to town
Ain’t no reason to go to the fair
Ain’t no reason to go up, ain’t no reason to go down
Ain’t no reason to go anywhere

Time passes slowly up here in the daylight
We stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right
Like a cloud drifting over, that covers the day
Time passes slowly and fades away


(Demo)

I went to see the gypsy
Stayin’ in a big hotel
He smiled when he saw me coming
And he wished me well
And his room was dark and crowded
Lights were low and dim
“How are you?” he asked of me
And I asked the same of him

I went down to the lobby
To make a small call out
A pretty dancing girl was there
And she began to shout
“Go on back to see the gypsy
He can rid you of your fear
He did it in Las Vegas
And he can do it here”

Oh, the lights were on the river
Shining from outside
I contemplated every move
Or at least I tried

I went back to see the gypsy
It was nearly early dawn
The gypsy’s door was open
But the gypsy was gone
And that pretty dancing girl
Oh, she could not be found
So I watched the sun come rising
In a little Minnesota town




(Demo version)

Oh, the streets of Rome are filled with rubble, Ancient footprints are everywhere. You can almost think that you're seein' double On a cold dark night by the Spanish Stairs.
Got to hurry on back to my hotel room
Where I've got me a date with a pretty little girl from Greece. She promised that she'd be right there with me When I paint my masterpiece.

Oh, the hours I've spent inside the Coliseum, Dodging lions and wasting time.
Oh, those mighty kings of the jungle, I could hardly stand to see 'em.
It sure has been a long, hard climb.
Train wheels runnin' through the back of my memory, When I ran on the hilltop following a pack of wild geese. Someday, everything is gonna sound like a rhapsody When I paint my masterpiece.

Sailin’ round the world in a dirty gondola
Sure I wish I hadn’t sold my old Victrola
Ain’t lovin’ like that good old rock’n’roll-a

I left Rome and pulled into Brussels
On a plane ride so bumpy that I almost cried Clergymen in uniform and young girls pullin' muscles, Everyone was there to beat me when I slipped inside.
Newspapermen eating candy Had to be held down by big police. Someday, everything is gonna be different When I paint that masterpiece.


Rain on the ground, windshield wipers movin', Water on the ground, sure don't feel like groovin'.
Working on a guru,
Working on a guru,
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down.

Rain all around, I need me an umbrella.
Water on the ground, I am that kind of fella.
Looking for a guru, Working on a guru,
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down.

Walking on the street, I need me an umbrella.
Just to keep it sweet, I am that kind of fella.
Looking for a guru, Working on a guru,
Working on a guru, before the sun goes down.

Play it again ...

Rain on the ground, windshield wipers movin', Water all around, I sure don't feel like groovin'.
I'm working on a guru,
Yes, I'm working on a guru,
But I'm working on a guru, before the sun goes down.

Working on a guru,
Working on a guru, Well, it's true, it could be you ...
I'm working on a guru.

(Recorded version)

Clouds so swift, rain fallin' in
Gonna see a movie called Gunga Din
Pack up you money, pull up your tent McGuinn
You ain't going nowhere

Whoo-ee! ride me high
Tomorrow's the day that my bride's a-gonna come Whoo-ee! are we gonna fly down into the easy chair!

Djengis Khan and his brother Don
Couldn't keep on keepin' on We'll climb that ridge after it's gone After we're way past it.

Whoo-ee! ride me high
Tomorrow's the day that my bride's a-gonna come Whoo-ee! are we gonna fly down into the easy chair!

Buy me some rings and a gun that sings
A flute that toots and a bee that stings A sky that cries and a bird that flies A fish that walks and a dog that talks.

Whoo-ee! ride me high
Tomorrow's the day that my bride's a-gonna come Whoo-ee! are we gonna fly down into the easy chair!

Whoo-ee! ride me high
Tomorrow's the day that my bride's a-gonna come Whoo-ee! are we gonna fly down into the easy chair!

(Recorded version)

You angel you
You got me under your wing
The way you walk and the way you talk
I feel I could almost sing

You angel you
You're as fine as anything's fine I just walk and watch you talk
With your memory on my mind.

You know I can't sleep at night for trying
Yes, I never did feel this way before
Never did get up and walk the floor If this is love then give me more
And more and more and more and more.

You angel you
You're as fine as can be
The way you walk and the way you talk Is the way it ought to be.

You know I can't sleep at night for trying
Never did feel this way before
Never did get up and walk the floor If this is love then give me more
And more and more and more and more.

You angel you
You're as fine as can be
The way you walk and the way you talk Is the way it ought to be.

You angel you
You got me under your wing
The way you walk and the way you talk I swear it will make me sing.



Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press
Whoever it is I wish they'd cut it out quick, when they will I can only guess
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy She inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me I can't help it if I'm lucky.

People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts
And even you yesterday, you had to ask me where it was at,
I couldn't believe after all these years, you didn't know me any better than that,
Sweet lady

Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your mouth
Blowing down the back roads headin' south
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth
You're an idiot babe,
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I threw the I Ching yesterday, it said there might be some thunder at the well
Peace and quiet's been avoiding me for so long, it seems like livin' hell
There's a lone soldier on the hill watching fallin' raindrops pour You'd never know it to look at him, but at the final shot he won the war After losing every battle.

I woke up on the roadside, daydreamin' about the way things sometimes are
Hoofbeats poundin' in my head at breakneck speed and makin' me see stars
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzing around your eyes Blood on your saddle.

Idiot wind, blowing through the flowers on your tomb
Blowing through the curtains in your room
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth
You're an idiot babe,
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

It was gravity which pulled us in, and destiny which broke us apart
You tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart
Now everything's a little upside down as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top
You're on the bottom

I noticed at the ceremony that you left all your bags behind
The driver came in after you left, he gave them all to me, and then he resigned
The priest wore black on the seventh day, waltzed around while the building burned You didn't trust me for a minute, babe, I've never known the spring to turn So quickly into autumn.

Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your jaw
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Mardi Gras
Idiot wind, blowing every time you move your teeth
You're an idiot babe,
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

We pushed each other a little too far and one day it just jumped into a raging storm A hound dog bayed behind your trees, as I was packin' up my uniform I figured I'd lost you anyway, why go on, what's the use?
In order to get in a word with you, I'd had to come up with some excuse And that just struck me kinda funny.

I've been double-crossed too much, at times I think I've almost lost my mind
Lady killers load dice on me, behind my back, while imitators steal me blind
You close your eyes and part your lips and slip your fingers from your glove You can have the best there is, but it's gonna cost you all your love You won't get it for money.

Idiot wind, blowing through the buttons of our coats,
Blowing through the letters that we wrote
Idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves
We're idiots babe,
It's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.


If you see her, say hello, she might be in Tangiers
She left here last early spring, is livin' there, I hear
Say for me that I'm all right though new things come and go She might think that I've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.

We had a falling-out, like lovers often will
But to think of how she left that night, it still brings me a chill And though our separation, it pierced me to the heart She still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.

If you're makin' love to her, kiss her for the kid,
Who always has respected her for doin' what she did
Oh, I know it had to be that way, it was written in the cards Still the bitter taste still lingers on, it all came down so hard.

I see a lot of people as I make the rounds
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town And I've never gotten used to it, I just learned to turn it off Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm getting soft.

Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past
I know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast If she's passing back this way I'm not that hard to find Tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.


Early one morning the sun was shinin'
He was layin' in bed
Wond'rin' if she'd changed at all
If her hair was still red
Her folks they said their lives together
Sure was gonna be rough
They never did like Mama's homemade dress,
Papa's bankbook wasn't big enough
And he was standin' at the side of the road
Rain fallin' on his shoes
Heading out for the old East Coast Lord knows he paid some dues, gettin' through Tangled up in blue.

She was married when they first met
Soon to be divorced
He helped her out of a jam I guess
But he used a little too much force
And he drove that car as far as he could
Abandoned it out west
And they split up on a dark sad night
Both agreeing it was best
And she turned around to look at him
As he was walkin' away
And she said "This ain't the end
We'll meet again some day, on the avenue,
Tangled up in blue."

He had a job in the great north woods
Working as a cook for a spell
But he never did like it all that much And one day the axe just fell So he drifted down to L.A.
Where he reckoned he tried his luck
Workin' for a-while in an airplane plant
Loading cargo onto a truck
But all the while he was alone
The past was close behind
He seen a lot of women
But she never escaped his mind and he just grew Tangled up in blue.

She was workin' in a topless place
And I stopped in for a beer
I just kept lookin' at the side of her face
In a spotlight so clear
And later on as the crowd thinned out
I's about to do the same
She was standing there in back of my chair
Sayin' to me "What's your name?"
I muttered something underneath my breath
She studied the lines on my face
I must admit I felt a little uneasy When she bent down to tie the laces of my shoes Tangled up in blue.

She lit a burner on the stove
And offered me a pipe
"Thought you'd never say hello", she said
"You look like the silent type"
And she opened up a book of poems
And handed it to me
Written by an Italian poet
From the thirteenth century
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burning coal
Pouring off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you Tangled up in blue.

He was always in a hurry
Too busy or too stoned
And everything she ever planned
Just had to be postponed
She thought they were successful
He thought they were blessed
With objects and material things
But I never was impressed
And when it all came crashing down
I became withdrawn
The only thing I knew how to do Was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew Tangled up in blue.

So now I'm going back again
Got to get to her somehow
All the people we used to know
They're an illusion to me now
Some are mathematicians
Some are doctor' wives
Don't know how it all got started
Don't know what they're doin' with their lives
But me, I'm still on the road
Heading for another joint
We always did feel the same We just started from a different point of view Tangled up in blue.


Well, I've just reached a place
Where the willow don't bend
There's no more to be said
It's the top of the end
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

I've been walking lonely
Sleeping in the dust
Now I've just gotta go
And you know that I must
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

I've been here too long
And I've heard what you said
But I just got the rope
Oh well, I can't sleep in my bed
So I'm going, I'm going, I'm gone.

Grandma says "Son, go and follow your heart"
You'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold isn't meant to shine
Don't you and that long long dream ever part."

Now I'm in love with you baby
But you gotta understand
That you got to be free
So let go of my hand
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

Grandma says "Son, go and follow your heart
You'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold isn't meant to shine
Don't you and that long long dream ever part." I believe in you baby
For the change of some truce
But I just got to go
So please turn me loose
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.



Well, I've just reached a place
Where the willow don't bend
There's no more to be said
It's the beginning of the end
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

I'm in love with you baby
But I think it might be too late
So we better start again
And get it straight
Oh, I'm going, I'm going, I'm gone.

I've been walking on the clouds
Sleeping in the dust
Now I've just gotta move
Before it's all diamonds and rust
So I'm going, I'm going, I'm gone.

Grandma says "Son, go and follow your heart
You'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold isn't meant to shine
Don't you and that life long dream ever part."

I'm in love with you baby
I don't mean any harm
But you want to be free
So let go of my arm
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

Grandma says "Son, go and follow your heart
You'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold isn't meant to shine
Don't you and that life long dream ever part."

I'm in love with you baby
Please understand
That you got to be free
So let go of my hand
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.


If you see her say hello, she might be in North Saigon She left here in a hurry, I don't know what she was on. You might say that I'm in disarray and for me time's standing still Boy, you've never gotten over her, I don't think I ever will.

The evil ______________________________ then suddenly you stole
It's one of them wreckless situations which nobody control
__________________________________ eyes
___________ do the best we can which should come as no surprise

If you're makin' love to her watch it from the rear
You'll never know when I'll be back or liable to appear
Oh, it's natural to dream of peace as it id for rules to break And right now I got not much to lose, so you better stay awake.

Sundown, silver moon, hittin' on the days
My head can't understand no more, what my heart don't tolerate
And I know she'll be back some day of that there is no doubt
And when that moment comes, Lord, give me the strength to keep her out.


Lay, lady, lay,
Lay across my big brass bed
Lay, lady, lay,
Lay across my big brass bed
Whatever colors you have in your mind
I'll show them to you and you'll see them shine
Lay, lady, lay,
Lay across my big brass bed

Forget this dance,
Let's go upstairs
Let's take a chance
Who really cares
Why don't you know you got nothin' to prove
It's all in your eyes and the way that you move
Forget this dance,
Let's go upstairs

Why wait any longer, I don't mean too complain
You can have love but you might lose it
Why run any longer when you're runnin' in vain
You can have the truth but you've got to choose it

Stay, lady, stay
Stay with you man awhile
Til the break of day
Love to see you make him smile
I long to see you in the morning light
I long to hold you in the night
Stay, lady, stay
Stay with you man awhile


I laid on a dune, and I looked at the sky,
When the children were babies and played on the beach. You came up behind me, I saw you go by, You were always so close and still within reach.

Sara, Sara,
Whatever made you want to change your mind?
Sara, Sara,
So easy to look at, so hard to define.

I can still see them playin' with their pails in the sand, They run to the water their buckets to fill. I can still see the shells fallin' out of their hands As they follow each other back up the hill.

Sara, Sara,
Sweet virgin angel, sweet love of my life.
Sara, Sara,
Radiant jewel, mystical wife.

Sleepin' in the woods near the fire in the night.
Where you fought for my soul and went up against the odds I was too young to know you were doin' it right
And you did it with strength that belonged to the gods.

Sara, Sara,
Wherever we travel, we're never apart
Sara, Sara,
Beautiful lady so dear to my heart.

I can still hear the sounds of those Methodist bells,
I'd taken the cure and had just gotten through, Stayin' up for days in the Chelsea Hotel,
Writin' "Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands" for you.

Sara, Sara,
It's all so clear, I could never forget
Sara, oh Sara,
Lovin' you is the one thing I'll never regret

Now the beach is deserted except for some kelp And a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore.
You always responded when I needed your help,
You gave a map and a key to your door.

Sara, oh Sara,
Glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow,
Sara, oh Sara,
Don't ever leave me, don't ever go.


They sat together in the park
As the evening sky got dark
She looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones Twas then he felt alone and wished that he'd gone straight And watched out for a simple twist of fate.

They walked along by the old canal
A little confused, I remember well
And stopped into an old hotel with the neon burning bright He felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train Moving with a simple twist of fate.

A clarinet some place softly played
As she was walking on by the arcade
She heard the melody rise and fade, the sun was comin' up She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate And forgot about a simple twist of fate.

He woke up and she was gone
He didn't see nothin' but the dawn
He got out of bed and put his clothes back on, pushed back the blinds Found a note she'd left behind, to which he just could not relate All about a simple twist of fate.

He hears the ticking of the clocks
Walks alone through the city blocks
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in Maybe she'll see him once again, how long must he wait One more time for a simple twist of fate.

People tell me it's a crime
To feel too much at any one time
She should have caught me in my prime, she would have stayed with me Instead of goin' off to sea and leavin' me to meditate Upon a simple twist of fate.


Threw my ticket in the wind
Threw my mattress out there too
Threw my letters in the sand
Cause you've got to understand
That tonight I'll be staying here with you

I would have left this town by noon
By tonight have been in some place new
But I was feeling a little bit scattered
And your love was all that mattered
So tonight I'll be staying here with you
Get ready
Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you

Is it really any wonder?
The changes that we run upon each others heads
You come on to me like rolling thunder
I left my dreams on the river bed

I can hear that whistle blowing
Hear that sunrise rolling too
If there's a driver on the road
Let him have my load
Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you

I can hear that lonesome whistle blowing
Hear that sunrise rolling too
If there's a driver on the road
Let him have my load
Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you
Yes tonight I'll be staying here with you

(Budokan version)

I ain't lookin' to make you fry,
See you fly or watch you die
I don't care if you feel like me, See like me or be like me.
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do, Is, baby, be friends with you.

I don't want to meet your kin,
Make you spin or do you in, And I don't want to drag you down,
Chain you down, or be your clown.
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do,
Is, baby, be friends with you.

I don't care if you analyze me.
Categorize me or hypnotize me. I don't care if you feel like me, See like me or be like me.
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do,
All I really want to do,
Is, baby, be friends with you,
Be friends with you, Be friends with you.


Well, I've just reached a place
Where I can't stay awake
I got to leave you baby
Before my heart will break
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

Come over here babe
Cause I'm telling you this
You got to believe me
You got to give me one more kiss
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

Fix me one more drink baby
And hold me one more time
But don't get to close
To make me change my mind
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.

Now, my mama always said "Someday, too, you got to follow your heart"
"You'll be mine at the end of the line"
"All that's gold wasn't meant to shine"
"Just don't put your horse in front of your car"

Now, from Boston to Birmingham
Is a two day ride
But I got to be going now
Cause I'm so dissatisfied
I'm going,
I'm going, I'm gone.



Well, I've just reached a place
Where I'm just felling kind of low
I don't mind leaving
Baby, I'm not afraid to go
I'm going, Yes, I'm going, Well, I'm gone.

Fix me one more drink baby
And hold me one more time
But don't get to close
Start make me change my mind
Cause I'm going, Yes, I'm going, Well, I'm gone.

I've been hanging 'round your place so long
Feelin' like a clown
You don't know how to do nothin' but
Tear a good man's reputation down
I'm going, Yes, I'm going,
Well, I'm gone.

Now, from Memphis to Norfolk
Is a 33 hour ride
But I got to be going now baby
Cause I'm just so dissatisfied
So I'm going, Yes, I'm going,
Well, I'm gone.

Now, my mama always said something true "Follow your heart"
"You'll be fine at the end of the line"
"All that's gold wasn't meant to shine"
"Just don't put your horse in front of your car"

Step over here baby
And shake my hand
I can find another woman
You can find another man
I'm going, Yes, I'm going,
Well, I'm gone.

(Rehearsal version)

If you see her say hello, she might be in Tangier
She left here last early spring, she's livin' there, I hear
Say for me that I'm all right though things are kind of slow
If she's wonderin' what I'm doin' by now, just tell her that you don't know.

We had a falling-out like lovers sometimes do
But to think of how she left that night it still hurts me kinda through and through
And though our situation, it hurts me to the bone
She's better off with someone else and I'm better off alone.

I see a lot of people as I make the rounds
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town And I've never gotten used to it, but I've learned to turn it off Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm just gettin' soft.

Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past
I know every scene by heart 'cause they all went by so fast If she's passin' back this way, most likely I will be gone
But if I'm not, just let her know it's best that she stay gone.

(Rehearsal version)

The man in me will do nearly any thing
As for compensation, whatever you want to bring  Take a woman like you
To get through to the man in me.

Lost on the river of no return
I try to make it to ya but I'm afraid my heart will burn Take a woman like your kind To find the man in me.

But, oh, what a wonderful feeling
Just to know that you're really there
It sets my heart a-reeling
Right from my feet to the top of the stairs

I can't believe it, I can't believe it's true
I'm lyin' next to her but I'm thinking of you
Takes a woman like you
To get through to the man in me

But, oh, what a wonderful feeling
Just to know that you're really real
It makes my head go reeling

I know you got a husband and that's a fact
But, ah baby, turn me loose or cover my track
Takes a woman like you
To get through to the man in me

(Budokan version)

They sat together in the park
As the evening sky got dark
She looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to her bones Twas then she felt alone and wished that she'd gone straight And watched out for a simple twist of fate.

They walked along by the old canal
A little confused, I remember well
Stopped into a renovated hotel with the neon burning bright She felt the heat of the night hit her like a freight train Moving with a simple twist of fate.

A saxophone some place played
She was walking on by the arcade
She heard the melody rise and fade, the sun was comin' up She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate And forgot about a simple twist of fate.

He woke up and she was gone
He didn't see nothin' but the dawn
Got out of bed and put his clothes back on, pushed back the blinds Found a note she'd left behind, but he could not concentrate On anything except a simple twist of fate.

He hears the ticking of the clocks
Walks alone through the city blocks
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in Maybe he'll see her once again, how long must he wait One more time for a simple twist of fate.

People tell me it's a crime
To remember her for too long a time
She should have caught me in my prime, she would have stayed with me Instead of goin' back off to sea and leavin' me to meditate Upon a simple twist of fate.

Am I Your Stepchild?

You mistreat me baby
I can't see no reason why
You know that I would kill for you
And I'm not afraid to die But you treat me like a stepchild Am I your stepchild?
I want to turn and walk all over you
But my heart just won't let you be

I'm nervous in your company
And my knees get weak
Both my eyes get misty
And my tongue can't speak
You treat me like a stepchild
Like a stepchild
I wanna turn, hide away
But I just can't let you be

You know we go back a long way baby
You know that it's true
I pulled you out of dope scenes
Orgies and jam sessions too
You treat me like a stepchild
Like a stepchild
I want to turn and walk all over you
But my heart just won't let you be

Am I Your Stepchild?



You treat me mean girl
And then you treat me rough
I give you all my loving
And it's never quite enough
You treat me like a stepchild
What do you think, am I your stepchild?
I wanna turn and walk all over you
But my heart says no, just let her be

I crawl across the desert for you girl
And you say "So what?"
Bring you all the diamonds from the mine
And I find that your door is shut You treat me like a stepchild Am I your stepchild?
I wanna turn and walk away from you
But I just can't let you be

What's the matter with you baby
Have you lost your point of view
Well you try to tell me one person
That's taken advantage of you You treat me like a stepchild You think that's right?
You treat me like a stepchild
I wanna turn and walk all over you
But my heart says no, just let her be


Early one morning the sun was shinin'
And I was layin' in bed
Wond'ring if she'd changed at all
If her hair was still red
Her folks they said that our lives together
Well, it sure was gonna be rough
They never did like Mama's homemade dress,
Papa's bankbook wasn't big enough
And I was standin' on the side of the road
Rain fallin' on my shoes
Heading out for the East Coast Ready to pay some dues, gettin' through Tangled up in blue.

She was married when we first met
Soon to be divorced
I helped her out of a jam I guess
But I used a little too much force
And we drove that car as far as we could
We abandoned it way out west
Splittin' up on a dark sad night
Both agreeing that it was best
She turned around to look at me
One more time as I was walking away
Sayin' over her shoulder
"Boy, we're bound to meet again some day, on the avenue,"
"Tangled up in blue."

I remember stayin' in the north woods
Livin' in a vagabond hotel
One day during the pourin' rain
I could feel how the ax just fell
So I drifted down to New Orleans
I was lucky not to be destroyed
I almost died from the boiling flat
Two miles outside of Delacroix
But all the while I was alone
The past was close behind
I seen a lot of women
But she never escaped my mind and I just grew Tangled up in blue.

She was dancin' in the Flamingo Club
And I was passing by, so I stopped in for a beer
I just kept starin' at the side of her face
In the spotlight so clear
And later on as the crowd thinned out
I was just about to do the same
She was standing there right behind my chair
Touchin' me, said "You know, it ain't no accident that you came"
I muttered something underneath my breath
She studied the lines on my face
I must admit I felt a little uneasy
When she bent down to tie the laces of my shoes Tangled up in blue.

She lit a burner on the stove
Wearin' a dress made out of stars and stripes
"Thought you'd never say hello", she said
"You know, you look like you could be the silent type"
And she opened up the Bible
And she started quoting it to me
Jeremiah, chapter 17,
From verses 21 and 33
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burning coal
Pouring off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you Tangled up in blue.

I lived with them on Montague Street
In a basement down the stairs
There was music in the cafes at night
There was revolution in the air
Then he started into dealing with slaves
And something inside of her froze
She had to sell everything she owned
Even her jewellery and her clothes
And when it all came crashing down
I became withdrawn
The only thing I knew how to do Was keep on keeping on like a bird that flew Tangled up in blue.

So now I'm going on back again
I got to get to her and be brave
All the people we used to know
At least the ones that ain't in the grave
Some are bricklayers, some are bank robbers,
Some are burglars and some are truck drivers' wives
I don't know how it all got started
I have no idea what they're doin' with their lives
But me, I'm still on the road
Heading for another joint
We always did feel the same
We just saw it from a different point, different point of view Tangled up in blue.


Snowflakes falling on the crowded room and the leaves are dying
Dying in the bedroom, crying in the bedroom
I can feel it on the rooftops, I hear two lovers sighing
One's got four eyes, another's wearing a disguise
Oh, baby try whether you're leaving me or not
Even keep going if you're drugged, beaten or shot

Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no way

In the cold blue dress you say 'adios amigos'
I proved it for a while, I could make you smile
I can hear the footsteps of the battered ego
Flaws in your make-up, beginning to break up
Well child don't you understand
Be a part of your children and I can't be your man

Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no way

Smoke arises for ever, on a one-way ticket to burn
A place reserved for the Devil
And for all those that done evil
A place of darkness and shame, you can never return

You can make believe I'm gone but can you hear it babe?
From Nashville to Texas, From Houston to Nashville
I can see two judges sitting in a hospital room
I keep on believing. I knew you were leaving
Shot my pony down and your breaking my heart
Even got to keep going if you're drugged  beaten or shot

Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no way

Snowflakes falling on the crowded room and the leaves are dying
Hunted on the river, so cold I could shiver
I can hear two lovers on the rooftops, I can hear them sighing
One's got four eyes, another is wearing a disguise
Oh why are you leaving, you're going for my heart
You're leaving me baby with your legs far apart

Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no way


Well you heard about Pharao's army
Tramping through the mud
Heard about the Hebrew children
Redeemed by blood
Same spirit running in you
That raised Christ from the dead
If you're quick and you know about it
Then let him under your head

Cover down, cover down, break through
Cover down, cover down, break through

We need that protection
Of the full armour of the Lord
The word of God is more powerful
Sharper than any double sided sword
The hammer of salvation
The blade of righteousness
Genesis to revelation
Repent and confess

Cover down, cover down, break through
Cover down, cover down, break through

Wake up early in the morning
Turning from side to side
Something giving you the warning
You can't run and you can't hide
Demands are laid upon you
Burdens you can't bear
Sins you can't even remember
Are always waiting to greet you there

Cover down, cover down, break through
Cover down, cover down, break through

You got an image of yourself
But you have built it all alone
It's got to come tumbling down
Just like the walls of stone
You will be separated
>From everything you seem to be
You think you'll be liberated
But the grave won't set you free

Cover down, cover down, break through
Cover down, cover down, break through

Cover down, cover down, break through
Cover down, cover down, break through


Dearest let us not drift apart
It wouldn't be wise, it wouldn't civilized
It wouldn't be smart, time heals a broken heart
You've been hurt, you've been left in the dirt
But you still look brand new to me

Don't ever take yourself away
Don't ever take yourself to a place where I can't find you
Don't ever take yourself away
I will never leave you I will never deceive you
I'll be right there waiting behind you

Dearest, you're the answer to my prayers
Words can't express if my heart would confess
What you mean to me
Dearest I believe that you're the best
I don't have to feel you to know that you're real
You're more than a dream to me

Don't ever take yourself away
Don't ever take yourself to a place where I can't find you
Don't ever take yourself away
I will never leave you I will never deceive you
I'll be right there waiting behind you

Dearest you're the __________ __________
You're perfect for me
You're the one I hoped for
Dearest I think we've only just begun
Wherever I be I want you next to me
At the end when my race has been run

Don't ever take yourself away
Don't ever take yourself to a place where I can't find you
Don't ever take yourself away
I will never leave you I will never deceive you
I'll be right there waiting behind you

Dearest I think you're the one
I can't imagine anybody doing more to me than you do
Dearest if it's your heart that I won
There's no need for blame
And no need to be ashamed
Of that place where we stand in the sun

Don't ever take yourself away
Don't ever take yourself to a place where I can't find you
Don't ever take yourself away
I will never leave you I will never deceive you
I'll be right there waiting behind you


Six o'clock in the evening I feel so low
Ain't got no girl, got no place to go
She was here yesterday but she's gone today
Even took my fur slippers away

Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now
Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now

Where did she go, where could she be
Maybe to a movie show maybe she's watching TV
She was here yesterday, that's all I can say
All that I know she took my fur slippers away

Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now
Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now

Now cannot go outside the ground is too hard
Where can I go, can't even go in my backyard
Can't drive my car nowhere I don't wanna get in, too
I sure miss them fur slippers as much as I miss you

Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now
Oh - ain't got no fur slippers now


I can manipulate people as well as anybody
Force 'em and burn 'em
Twist 'em and turn 'em
I can make believe I'm in love with almost anybody
Hold 'em and control 'em
Squeeze 'em and tease 'em
All that satisfies the fleshy needs
I've been down that road
I know what it needs

But I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no never No way!

I can persuade people as well as anybody
I got the vision,
But it caused division
I can twist the truth as well as anybody
I know how to do it
I've been all the way through it
But it don't suit my purpose and it ain't my goal
To gain the whole world
But give up my soul

But I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not for father, not for mother, not for sister, not for father No way!

I can twist the truth around as well as anybody
Wine 'em and dine 'em
Fool 'em and rule 'em
I can rob and steal from people as well as anybody
I know how to do it
But it don't suit my purpose and it ain't my goal
To gain the whole world
But give up my soul

But I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
Not for father, not for mother, not for sister, not for father No way!

Smoke arises for ever, on a one-way ticket to burn
A place reserved for the Devil
And for all those that done evil
A place of darkness and shame, you can never return

I can influence people as well as anybody
I can cause division,
Can cause division
I can mislead people as well as anybody
Burn 'em and roll 'em
Rob 'em and hold 'em
Won't get my story in tricks or cards
I can see through man's delusions, I can see through his facades

But I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no never No way!

I can write and steal from people as well as anybody
Know all the devices
Paid a lot of prices
I can influence people as well as anybody
Go right up to 'em
I know how to do 'em
Don't need to depend on tricks or on cards
I can see through man's delusions, I can see through his facades

But I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody
I ain't gonna go to hell for anybody Not today, not tonight, not tomorrow, no never No way!


Jesus is the one!!
Jesus is the one!!

It ain't Mr. Truman
It ain't Mr. Blue
It ain't Mr. President
Mister Me or Mister You

Jesus is the one!!
Jesus is the one!!

Well, you're looking over yonder
But what do you see
That does not mean that
They're comin' for you, they're comin' for me

Jesus is the one!!
Jesus is the one!!

Well, it ain't Mr. Reagan
That can raise a bed
It ain't Mr. Rockefeller
That can raise the dead

Jesus is the one!!
Jesus is the one!!

It ain't Mr. Vallee
It ain't a fortune star
It ain't Mr. Roosevelt
That can heal your broken heart

Jesus is the one!!
Jesus is the one!!


Well I walk into your life, and I take a vacant seat
Just to catch you scandalize every one you meet
Where's your re........sponsibility
Where's your re........sponsibility

Well you try to tell me this and you tell me that You tell me everything, except for where it's at.
Take your re, take your reeeeeesponsibility
Take your re........sponsibility

>From off the coast of Africa to California shore,
You're shooting off your mouth, and you're closing all the doors
To some re, reeeeeesponsibility
Ooh re........sponsibility

My friends would say forget him, but I was so in love
I can't believe the lord has sent you from above
With no re, with no reeeeeesponsibility
Ooh re, ah, re........sponsibility

I Think I'll feel better in the morning when you're gone
In all the time I've known you, you have only done me wrong
With no re, with no reeeeeesponsibility
Ooh re, ah, re........sponsibility


How do we move
Move by faith
How do we move
Move by faith
How do we move
Move by faith
By faith, by faith, oh Lord

How do we see
Move by faith
How do we see
Move by faith
How do we see
Move by faith
By faith, by faith, oh Lord

How do we love
Move by faith
How do we love
Move by faith
How do we love
Move by faith
By faith, by faith, oh Lord

How do we stand
Move by faith
How do we stand
Move by faith
How do we stand
Move by faith
By faith, by faith, oh Lord

How do we walk
Move by faith
How do we walk
Move by faith
How do we walk
Move by faith
By faith, by faith, oh Lord


You want to talk to me
You got many things to say
You want the spirit to be speaking to
But your lust for comfort gets in the way
I can read it in your eyes
What your heart will not reveal
And that old evil burden that's been dragging you down
About to grind you beneath the wheel

Yonder comes sin
Walking like a man, talking like an angel
Yonder comes sin
Proud like a peacock, swift like an eagle
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Can you take it on the chin
Yonder comes sin

See this woman standing next to me
She's foreign to you sight
Well, her eyes may be different color than mine
But her blood is red and her bones are white
You've been seeking them eternal spiritual things
But your fifty-dollar smile confirms
That you're still trying to buy your way into the dreams
Of them whose body will be food for worms

Yonder comes sin
Ready and steady, willing and able
Yonder comes sin
Standing on the chair, standing on the table
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Let me take it on the chin
Yonder comes sin

I say "See them six white horses honey"
You say "I don't even see one"
You say "Point them out to me, love"
I say "Listen honey, I've got to run"
My brother's blood is crying from the grave
But you cannot hear the voice
I stand in jeopardy every hour
Wondering what reason you have to rejoice

Yonder comes sin
Down on your knees, down into the ditches
Yonder comes sin
Vomiting up jewels, vomiting up riches
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Ain't no room tonight at the inn
Yonder comes sin

Jeremiah preached repentance
To those who would turn from hell
But the critics all gave him such bad reviews
Put him down at the bottom of the well
But he kept on talking, and anyway
As the people were put into chains
Weren't nobody there to say "Bon voyage"
Nor shatter any bottles of champagne

Yonder comes sin
Cracking that whip, dressed up in feathers
Yonder comes sin
Put a knife in your back while talking about the weather
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Can you take it on the chin
Yonder comes sin

High cost of survival
Gets a little higher than you expect
When you're trying to get along with your enemies
And still maintain your self-respect
As a child you knew all there was to know
It just couldn't get expressed
Now it scares me to see what you accept as good
At one you wouldn't have settled forless than the best

Yonder comes sin
Way down deep and dirty, not a day under thirty
Yonder comes sin
Tasting like peaches, hanging on like leaches
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
So masculine, so feminine
Yonder comes sin

You turn your back on the hard truth
Just to fatten up your purse
Sings of an unrighteous world
Dare the same thing as a curse
No kingdom made of human hands can stand
Too bad about MacBeth
In order to possess that corruptible crown
Gotta make a deal with Mr Death

Yonder comes sin
Can you comprehend it, can you understand it
Yonder comes sin
It rules the airways, it rules the planet
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Take off that sheepish green
Yonder comes sin

There's a place down in your soul
Where the law can never touch
You do most likely what you please
And not think about too much
I'll be down the line when morning comes
And that I pulled the hood up for you
So that you could see real good your uninvited guest
_________________________

Yonder comes sin
It's a pleasure to meet ya, nice to have known ya
Yonder comes sin
It wants to kill you, it wants to own you
Look at your feet see where they've been to
Look at your hands, see what they've been into
Being pulled in all directions by the wind Yonder comes sin


She was from Haiti, bowed down at the table,
And then I took over the Lord
At the show in Miami, in the theater of divine company.
Talkin' 'bout Jesus, talked about the rain,
She told me about the vision, told me about the pain
That has risen from the essence and the dividing of memory.

Is she a child or a woman? I really can't say,
Something about her said "Trust me" anyway,
As the years turned to minutes and the minutes turned back into hours.
What about you, playin' as a pawn?
It certainly was possible as the gay night wore on,
But victory was mine, and I held it with the help of God's power.

And that Caribbean wind still blows from Trinidad to Mexico, The circle of light and the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.

Shadows move closer as we touched on the floor,
Prodigal Son sitting next to the door,
Preaching resistance, waiting for the night to arrive.
He was well connected, but her heart was a a snare
Cause she had left him to die in there,
But I knew he could get out while he still was alive.

Stars on my balcony, buzz in my head,
Slayin' Bob Dylan in my bed,
Street band playin' "Nearer My God To Thee"
She never did see me where the mission bells ring,
She said "I know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing"
You can do about it, so you might as well agree to agree"

And that Caribbean wind blows hard from the Valley Coast into my backyard, Drivin' all your love to the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.

Atlantic City by the cruel sea,
I hear a voice cryin' "Daddy" I always think it's for me,
But it's only the silence in the buttermilk hall that call,
Bearin' new messages, bringing evil reports
Of rioting armies and time that is short,
And earthquakes and train wrecks and death-threats written on walls.

Would I have married her? I don't know I suppose,
She had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes.
The curtain was rising and, like they say, the ship will sail at dawn.
And I felt it come over me, some kind of glow,
My voice said "Come on with me girl, I got plenty of room" But I know I'd be lyin', and besides she had already gone.

And that Caribbean wind still howls from Tokyo to the British Isles, We never walked in to that furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.





She was from Haiti, fair brown and intense.
She was a friend of both busboys and presidents.
I was playing a show in Miami, in the Theater of Divine Comedy.
I told her about Jesus, I told her about the rain, She told me about division, she told me about the pain That had arisen from the ashes and abided in her memory.

Was she a child or a woman? I really can't say,
There was something about her, she trusted me anyway,
As the judge and the jury were meeting with the man of the hour.
It looked like I was sleeping and they thought that I was, But I was paying attention, like a rattlesnake does, When he hears footsteps trampling on the flowers.

And that Caribbean wind still blows from Mexico to Ciracauo, >From Chinatown to the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's dear to me nearer to the fire.

Shadows move closer as we touched on the floor,
Prodigal Son sitting next to the door,
Preaching resistance, and waiting for the night to arrive.
He was well connected, but his heart was a a snare
As she left him to die in there,
But I knew he could get out while he was still alive.

Stars on my balcony buzzing my head, Door knob turning, heat in my bed.
Street band playin' "Nearer My God To Thee"
We met in secret where the mission bells ring,
She said "I know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing
You can do about it, so you might as well agree to agree"

And that Caribbean wind still blows from Mexico to Ciracauo, From Chinatown to the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's dear to me nearer to the fire.

Atlantic City by the cruel sea,
I hear a voice calling "Daddy", I always think it's for me,
But it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call,
Every new messenger brings his evil report
About rioting armies and time that is short,
And train wrecks and earthquakes and hate words written on walls.

Would I have married her? I don't know I suppose, She had bells in her braids and fire in her clothes.
The curtain was rising and, like they was saying, the ship would sail at dawn. Then I felt it come over me, some kind of gloom,
I was going to say "Come home with me girl, I got plenty of room" But I knew I'd be lyin', and besides she'd already gone.

And them Caribbean winds still howl from Borneo to the British Isles, From Chinatown to the furnace of desire.
And those distant ships of liberty on iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that's dear to me nearer to the fire.




She was well rehearsed, fair brown and blonde,
She had friends who were bus boys and friends in the Pentagon, Playing a show in Miami, in the Theatre of Divine Comedy.
Talking to shadows where the stop in the rain, I could tell she was still feeling the pain, Pain of rejection, pain of infidelity.

Was she a child or a woman, I can‟t say which,
One to another she could easily switch,
Couples were dancing and I lost track of the hours.
He was well prepared, I knew he was,
Paying attention like a rattlesnake does,
When he‟s hearing footsteps trampling over his flowers.

And the Caribbean winds still blow, from Nassau to Mexico, From the circle of ice to the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty, on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that‟s near to me, nearer to the fire.

She looked into my soul through the clothes that I wore, She said „we got a mutual friend standing at the door, And you know he‟s got our best interests in mind‟.
He was well connected, but her heart was a snare,
And she had left him to die in there,
He had two payments due, and he was a little behind.

Well I slept in a hotel, where flies buzz my head,
Ceiling fan was broken, there was heat in my bed, Street band playing „Nearer My God to Thee‟.
We met in secret, where we drank from a spring,
She said „I know what you‟re thinking, but there ain‟t a thing, We can do about it, so we might as well let it be‟.

And the Caribbean winds still blow, from Nassau to Mexico, From the circle of ice to the furnace of desire.
And them distant ships of liberty, on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that‟s near to me, nearer to the fire.

Atlantic City, two years to the day,
I hear her voice crying „daddy‟, and I look that way, But it‟s only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call.
Every new messenger bringing evil report,
„bout rioting armies and time that is short,
And earthquakes and train wrecks and heat words scribbled on wall.

Would I have married her? I don‟t know I suppose,
She had bells in her braids, and they hung to her toes, But I heard my name and destiny say to be moving on.
Then I felt it come over me, some kind of gloom, But I say, „Come home with me girl, I got plenty of room‟, But I knew I‟d be lying and besides she had already gone.

And them mirror being winds still blow, from Nassau to Mexico, Circle of ice to the furnace of desire.
And them building ships of liberty, on them iron waves so bold and free, Bringing everything that‟s near to me, nearer to the fire.




There is a city of gold
Far from the rat race
Eat's at you're soul
Far from the confusion
And these bars that hold
There is a city of gold

There is a country of light
Raised up in glory
Angels wear white
Never know darkness
Never know night
There is a country of light

There is a city of love
Far from this world
And the stuff dreams are made of
Beyond the sunset
Stars high above
There is a city of love

There is a city of hope
Don't need no doctor
Don't need no dope
I'm ready and willing
Throw down a rope
There is a city of hope

There is a city of gold
Far from this madness
And the bars that hold
Peace for your spirit
Rest for your soul
There is a city of gold




Prayin' in the ghetto, face in the cement,
Heard the last moan of a boxer, seen the massacre of the innocent,  Felt around for the light switch, became so nauseated.
Just me and an overworked dancer, between walls that are really deteriorated.

Oh, set my affections on things above,  Let nothing stand in the way of that love, Not even the Rock of Gibraltar!
Well, if you see her on Phantom Street,
Tell her I still think she's neat,
And that the groom's still waiting at the altar.

Highwaymen and hitmen, pushin', hellraisin', and robbery, Mistakin' your shyness for aloofness, your silence for snobbery. I never did get the message, I don't even know when one was sent to me, About the madness of becoming what one was never meant to be.

Oh, set my affections on things above,  Let nothing stand in the way of that love, Not even the Rock of Gibraltar!
Well, if you see her on Phantom Street,
Tell her I still think she's neat,
And that the groom's still waiting at the altar.

Well, what can I say about Claudette, that wouldn't come back home to haunt me.
Finally had to give her up, about the time she began to want me.
God has mercy on them who are slandered and humiliated.
I'd have done anything for that woman, if she'd only made me feel obligated.

Oh, set my affections on things above,  Let nothing stand in the way of that love, Not even the Rock of Gibraltar!
Well, if you see her on Phantom Street,
Tell her I still think she's neat,
And that the groom's still waiting at the altar.

Locked into a time-zone, with a high-degree temperature,
Fools counting their money, wise men standing around like furniture.
There's a wall between you and what you want, you gotta leap it.
Tonight you got the power to take it, tomorrow you won't have the power to keep it.

Oh, set my affections on things above,  Let nothing stand in the way of that love, Not even the Rock of Gibraltar!
Well, if you see her on Phantom Street,
Tell her I still think she's neat,
And that the groom's still waiting at the altar.

Looked for the answer, found a solution,
Too rich for my blood and I needed a transfusion.
Don't know what I say about Claudette, she could be in the mountains or the prairies, She could be respectably married, or running a whorehouse in Buenos Aires.

Oh, set my affections on things above,  Let nothing stand in the way of that love, Not even the Rock of Gibraltar!
Well, if you see her on Phantom Street,
Tell her I still think she's neat,
And that the groom's still waiting at the altar.




It's been raining in my mouth all day,
Dripping down to me clothes,
My patience is wearing thin, got a fire inside my nose. Searching for the truth the way God designed it, The truth is I might drown before I find it.

Well I need a woman, yes I do Need a woman, yes I do.
Someone who can see me as I am,
Give me the kind of love that don't have to be condemned
And I want you to be that woman every night,
Be that woman, treat me right

I've had my eyes on you baby for about five long years,
You probably don't know me at all,
But I have seen your laughter and I have seen your tears.
Now you don't frighten me, I ain't no defendant
And you look like it wouldn't hurt you none
To have a man of understanding

Well I need a woman, oh don't I Need a woman, bring it home safe at last.

I've seen you standing on the corner,
Seen you sitting down in the park Been watching you in the sunshine, Walking with you in the dark.

And I want you to be that woman, treat me right Be that woman every night.

Well, if you believe in something long enough  You just naturally come to think it's true. There ain't no wall you can't cross over, Ain't no fire you can't walk through.

Well, believing is all right,
Just don't let the wrong people know what it's all about. They might put the evil eye on you,
Use their hidden powers to try to turn you out.

Well I need a woman, just to be my queen.
Need a woman, black, white, yellow, brown or green

Riding out with me at midnight Like two Spanish desperados
Gazing down upon the futile world in her Cadillac Eldorado We will penetrate the storm in search of truth that has not been tested
But she better bring along her checkbook just in case we get arrested

And I want you to be that woman, treat me right
Be that woman every night




There's a thief on the cross his chances are slim
There's a thief on the cross I wanna talk to him

Well everybody's been diverted
Everybody's looking the other way
Everybody's attention is divided
Well they may not afford to wait
There's a thief on the cross his chances are slim
There's a thief on the cross I wanna talk to him

Wanna ask him 'bout his mother
Wanna ask him 'bout his ways
Wanna ask him 'bout to talk to himself
If it's time it didn't go too well
There's a thief on the cross his chances are slim
There's a thief on the cross I wanna talk to him

Well, everybody's not too excited
Don't be too surprised
Head for the town and you can see it well
And it's rising in his eyes
There's a thief on the cross his chances are slim
There's a thief on the cross I wanna talk to him

Now there's winning, ruling and readin'
Everybody goes sinning by the rules
There's a secret to excite you
Whether Iran or Mexico
There's a thief on the cross his chances are slim
There's a thief on the cross I wanna talk to him




Love that's pure hopes all things,
Believes all things, won't pull no strings,
Won't sneak up into your room, tall, dark and handsome, Capture your soul and hold it for ransom.

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure, it don't make no false claims,
Intercedes for you 'stead of casting you blame,
Will not deceive you or lead you into transgression, Won't write it up and make you sign a false confession.

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure won't lead you astray,
Won't hold you back, won't get in your way, Won't pervert you, corrupt you with foolish wishes, Won't make you envious, won't make you suspicious.

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure ain't no accident,
It knows that it knows, is always content,
An eternal flame, quietly burning,
Never needs to be proud, loud or restlessly yearning.

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love

Love that's pure is not what you teach me
I got to go where it can reach me
I got to flee towards patience and meekness
You miscalculate me, mistake my kindness for weakness.

You don't want a love that's pure
You wanna drown love
You want a watered-down love



This page last updated 11 July 2012.


Well they're asking me why he couldn't adjust Adjust to what, a dream that bust?
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

They say what's up is down, they said what isn't is
They put ideas in his head he thought were his
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He was on a baseball team, he was on a marching band
When he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He went to church on Sunday, he was a Boy Scout
For his friends he would turn his pockets inside out
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

They said "Listen boy, you're just a pup"
Sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

They gave him dope to smoke, they gave him pills for a thrill
They gave him a jeep to drive, they gave him blood to spill
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

"Hey, Congratulations, you got what it takes"
They sent him back to the rat-race without any brakes
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He bought the American dream, but it was all wet
The only game he could play was Russian Roulette
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He went to Hollywood to see Peter O'Toole
He stole a Rolls Royce, drove it in a swimming pool
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He could've sold insurance, owned a bakery or bar
Could've been an accountant or a tennis star
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

He's wearing boxing gloves, he took a dive one day
Off the Golden Gate Bridge into China Bay
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did

His mama weeps and cries, his daddy feels betrayed
They gotta sleep together in a bed they never made
They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him is what they did


Standing on the waters casting your bread While the eyes of the idol with the iron head  Are glowing.
Distant ships sailing into the mist,
You were born with a snake in both of your fists  While a hurricane was blowing.
Freedom just around the corner for you
But with truth so far off, what good will it do?

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

So swiftly the sun sets in the sky. You rise up and say goodbye  To no one.
No store bought shirt for you on your back One of the women must sit in the shack  And sew one.
Shedding off one more layer of skin,
Keeping one step ahead of the persecutor within.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

You're a man of the mountains, you can walk on the clouds, Manipulator of crowds,  You're a dream twister.
You're going to Sodom and Gomorrah
But what do you care?  Ain't nobody there would want to marry  Your sister.
Scratching the world with a fine tooth comb
You're a king among nations, your a stranger at home.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

Well, the Book of Leviticus and Deuteronomy, The law of the jungle and the sea  Are your only teachers.
No crystal ball do you need on your shelf,
Michelangelo himself
Could've carved out your features.
So drunk standing in the middle of the street
Directing traffic with a small dog at your feet

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

Well, the preacherman's talking 'bout the deaf and the dumb
And the world to come
It's already been pre-determined
Nightsticks and water cannons, tear gas, padlocks,
Molotov cocktails and rocks
Can't drown out his sermon
You let the wicked walk right into a trap
You give away the good things that fall in your lap

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.

It's a shadowy world, skies are slippery gray, A woman just gave birth to a prince today  And dressed him in scarlet.
He'll turn priest into pimps and make old men bark Take a woman that could have been Joan of Arc And turned her into a harlot.
Oh, Jokerman, you know what he wants
Oh, Jokerman, you don't show any response.

Jokerman dance to the nightingale tune, Bird fly high by the light of the moon, Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.


Now that they are gone you know the truth it can be told
They were sacrificed lambs in the market place sold
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Now that they are gone you know the truth it can come out
They were never proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

The people thought they were guilty at the time
Some even said there hadn't been any crime
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

People look upon this couple with contempt and doubt
But they loved each other right up to the time they checked out
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Eisenhower was president, Senator Joe was King
Long as you didn't say nothing you could say anything
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Now some they blamed the system, some they blamed the man
Now that it is over, no one knows how it began
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Every Kingdom got to fall even the third reich
Man can do what he pleases but not for as long as he like
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Well they say they gave the secrets of the Atom Bomb away
Like no one else could think of it, it wouldn't be here today
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel

Someone says the fifties was the age of great romance
I say that's just a lie, it was when fear had you in a trance
Julius and Ethel, Julius and Ethel


Well, the pressure's down, the boss ain't here,
He gone up North, to that light-house beyond the bend. They say vanity got the best of him He didn't trust no one on the end. By the way, that's a cute hat,
And that smile's so hard to resist
But what's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?

You know I once knew a woman who looked like you, She wanted a whole man, not just a half.
She used to call me sweet daddy when I was only I child, You kind of remind me of her when you laugh.
In order to deal in this game, got to make the queen disappear, It's done with the flick of the wrist.
What's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?

You know a woman like you should be at home,
That's where you belong,
Taking care of somebody nice
Who don't know how to do you wrong.
Just how much abuse will you be able to take?
Well, you never tell by that first kiss.
What's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?

You know you can make a name for yourself,
You can hear them tires squeal,
You can be known as the most beautiful woman Who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal.

They say that oppression is a cruel tutor And injustice is a nurse.
You can put your hand in the hand of the man with the nose that can't smell But you put your confidence in him, and that's worse. Snap out of it, baby, people are jealous of you, They smile to your face, but behind your back they hiss.
What's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?

Got to be an important person to be in here, honey Got to have done some evil deed.
Got to have your own harem when you come in the door, Got to play your harp until your lips bleed.

They say that patriotism is the last refuge, To which a scoundrel clings. Steal a little and they throw you in jail, Steal a lot and they make you a king.
There's only one step down from here, baby.
It's called the land of permanent bliss.
What's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?



Well, the pressure's down, the boss ain't here, He gone up North, for a while.
The very last thing he said was, "See you later" Ah, he did go out in style.
By the way, that's a cute pat, er, boots
And that smile's so hard to resist
But what, what's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You know a ???? don't need strangers,  To them the'yre un ????
Within a quarter of an hour
They're on good terms with anyone
In order to deal, got to make the queen disappear, It's done with the flick of the wrist.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You know a woman like you should be at home,
That's where you belong,
Taking care of somebody nice
Who don't know how to do you wrong.
You look to me like a royalty
And there's a thought I can't dismiss
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You could make a name for yourself,
You could hear them tires squeal,
You could be known as the most beautiful woman Who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal.

They say that oppression is a cruel tutor And injustice is a nurse.
Far between each ???? out
If you only saved it first
It don't matter what the price is,
But of how much it just don't exist
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?

You got to be an important person to be in here, honey Got to have done some evil deed.
Got to have your own harem when you come in the door, Be able to play your harp until your lips bleed.

They say that patriotism is the last refuge, To which a scoundrel clings. Steal a little and they throw you in jail, Steal a lot and they make you a king.

There's only one step down from here, baby.
It's called the land of permanent bliss.
What's a sweetheart like you doin' in a dump like this?


Tell me I've got to know
Tell me, tell me before I go
Does that flame still burn, does that fire still glow
Or has it died out and melted like the snow
Tell me, tell me

Tell me what are you focused upon
Tell me will I know better when you're gone
Tell me quick with a glance or a sigh
Shall I hold you close or shall I let you go by
Tell me, tell me

Are you looking at me and thinking of somebody else
Can you feel the heat and the beat of my pulse
Do you have any secrets that will only come out in time
Do you lay in your bed and stare at the stars
Is your man friend someone who's an old acquaintance of our's
Tell me, tell me

Tell me do those neon lights blind your eyes
Tell me behind what door your treasure lies
Ever gone broke in a big way
Ever done the opposite of what the experts say
Tell me, tell me

Is this some kind of game that you're playing with me
Am I imagining something that ever can't be
Do you have any morals, do you have any point of view
Do you long to ride in that old ship of Zion
What means more to you, a live dog or a dead lion
Tell me, tell me

Tell me is my name in your book
Tell me should I come back and take another look
Tell me the truth, tell me no lies
Are you someone anyone prays for or cries
Tell me, tell me


Well, my shoes they come from Singapore,
My shirt is from Taiwan, My pants are from Malaysia, My necktie's from the Amazon.
Saxophone is from the Philippines
My car's a Chevrolet, It was put together down in Argentina By a guy makin' thirty cents a day.

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea
Till greed got in the way.

Well, the perfume is from China, Ear-rings are from Japan.
Belt buckle's from the Himalaya,
The dog collar's from Pakistan
Chain says "Made in Brazil"
Where a woman slaved for sure,
Taking home sixty cents a day to a family of twelve, A lot of money to her.

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea Till greed got in the way.

Well, some people complainin' that there is no work.
I say, "Brother, how can that be? When nothin' you got is U.S.-made?" It all comes from across the sea.
They call it religious capitalism
Under corporate command
It says, "Nobody gets hired to do anything
That can be done cheaper in some other land"

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea
Till greed got in the way.

Well, the drug dealers are making big profit
Oh yeah, they say times were tough for a while.
When the Russians bomb Las Vegas, They'll be on a desert isle.
And them big manufacturers aren't starving, though Their profits are down beyond belief. Got to have to send them a care package, Or make it food relief.

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea Till greed got in the way.

All that steel and aluminum Venezuela, El Salvador.
Well, the unions are big business, But they're going out like a dinosaur. Well, they used to grow food in Kansas, Now they want to grow it on the moon. They want to take your home garden away, That day is coming pretty soon.

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea
Till greed got in the way.

There's a man in a mask in the White House, Who's got no name or important ties.
Just as long as he understands the shape of things to come, He can stay there till he dies.
Got to be an invisible man
Not a front man for some diseased cause. Certainly not a union man, an independent man, Not a man tied to social laws.

Well, it's sundown on the union And what's made in the U.S.A. Sure was a good idea
Till greed got in the way.


If you look out across the fields, see me returning.
Smoke is in your eyes, you draw a smile.
>From the fireplace where now my letters to you are burning, You've had time to think about it for a while.

I've walked two hundred miles, now look me over.
It's the end of the chase and the moon is high.
It don't matter who loves who.
Either you'll love me or I'll love you
When the night comes falling from the sky.

I can see through your walls and I know you're hurting.
Sorrow covers you up like a cape.
Only yesterday I know that you've been flirting
With disaster that you somehow managed to escape.

Well, I can't provide for you no easy answers.
Who are you that I should have to lie?
You know everything, my love.
Down below and up above.
When the night comes falling from the sky.

I can hear your trembling heart beat like a river.
And recently you thought you'd seen it all.
But you're disappointed now in those who did not deliver.
But it was you who set yourself up for a fall.

I've seen thousands who could have overcome the darkness, For the love of a lousy buck, I've watched them die. Stick around, baby, we're not through, Don't look for me, I'll see you.
When the night comes falling from the sky.

In your teardrops, I can see my own reflection.
Luck was with me when I crossed the borderline.
I don't want to be a fool that's starving for affection.
I don't want to drown in someone else's wine.

For all eternity I think I will remember That whirlpool of light that's in your eye. You will seek me and you'll find
Me in the wasteland of your mind.
When the night comes falling from the sky.

Well, I gave to you my heart like buried treasure
But suffering seems to fit you like a glove
I'm so tired of those who use forbidden pleasure
Who think they've got a monopoly on love

Well, this time I'm asking for freedom,
Freedom from a world which you deny. And you'll give it to me now, I'll take it anyhow.
When the night comes falling from the sky.



Sometime she said I'm slow
She said it about me but it's too soon to know
Don't mind leaving, wondering why
Whosoever told it, told a dirty lie

Well, I'll tell you one more to
Take what is you with you when you go
Now I'll tumble, tumble and die
Whosoever told it, told a dirty lie

Already seen your dirty mate
Sure find it harder to concentrate
I'll be beloved, times too slow
But make sure you take her with you when you go

I'll love it and leave it, the sun go down
Pray for the rain for miles around
I'll never leave it to wonder why
Whosoever told you, told a dirty lie

Oh, they time you and I'm telling you
I'd be watching, baby no matter what you do
And I'll leave alone, you're far too slow
Just make sure you take her with you when you go

I want to leave, my feet's soaking wet
I long to leave but I ain't found you yet
And I know baby, telling you why
Whosoever told me, told a dirty lie


Hands off your feet, baby, this is this
This is what I can't be
Often it hurt me honey, looking at you but
You're looking at me too

Because a dollar is a dollar
And the downtown boys play rough
Go all the way back, baby
Tell 'em enough is enough

__________ on the gutter baby, which is which but
I'd rather be lucky than be rich
Off with the money honey that is true, but I'm
Satisfied with you

Because a dollar is a dollar
And the downtown boys play rough
Go all the way back, baby
Tell 'em enough is enough

Most of the city, honey's, soakin' wet,
But there's no more gold you can get
Now __________ __________ I'm facin' the wall but
Baby, you took it all

Because a dollar is a dollar
And the downtown boys play rough
You tell 'em baby,
That enough is enough

Got a gold mining fever baby, which is which but
I'd rather be lucky than be rich
Go off with the money honey, that is true, but I'm
Satisfied with you

Because a dollar is a dollar
And the downtown boys play rough
Go all the way back, baby
Tell 'em enough is enough


They sat together in the park
As the evening sky got dark
She looked at him and felt a spark tingle to her bones And then she felt alone and wished that she'd gone straight And watched out for a simple twist of fate.

They walked along by the old canal
Down waterfront street, by the old bell
Stopped into the Grand Hotel where the desk clerks dress in white With a face as black as night he said "Check out time's at eight" All a part of a simple twist of fate.

He woke up and the room was thick
Something there inside was making him sick
He heard the boot heels in the hallway click, the sun was coming up
She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate
And forgot about that simple twist of fate

________ __________ in the rain and snow
________ coal fire and the chilly winds blow
He said "I taught you all you know, now, don't bother me no more."
"You know where to find the door. Go on, before it's too late"
"And forget about that simple twist of fate"

He's walking down through the city streets,
Looking into the eyes of the people he meets
And late in time, you know, he tries and greets he waited all I can do
He said "I'm leaving my heart with you, take good care of it, be on your freight"
"All about that simple twist of fate"

People tell me it's a crime
To remember her for too long of a time
She should have caught me in my prime, she should have stayed with me Instead of going back off to sea and leavin me to meditate About that simple twist of fate.


Early one morning the sun was shining
And he was laying in bed
Wondering if she'd changed at all
If her hair was still red
Her folks they said that their lives together
Sure was gonna be rough
They never did like mama's home-made dress,
Papa's bank book wasn't big enough
He was standing at the side of the road
Rain falling on his shoes
Heading out for the old East coast
Radio blasting the news Straight on through Tangled up in blue.

She was married when they first met
To a man four times her age
He left her penniless in a state of regret
It was time to bust out of the cage
And they drove that car as far as they could
Abandoned it out west
Splitting up on a dark sad night
Both agreeing it was best
She turned around to look at him
As he was walking away
Saying "I wish I could tell you all the things"
"That I never learned to say"
He said "That's alright, baby, I love you too"
But we were tangled up in blue

He had a steady job and a pretty face
And everything seemed to fit
One day he could just feel the waste
He put it all down and split
And he drifted down to New Orleans
Where they treated him like a boy
He nearly went mad in Baton Rouge
He nearly drowned in Delacroix
But all the while he was alone
The past was close behind
He had one too many lovers and
None of them were too refined
All except for you
But you were tangled up in blue

She was working in the blinding light
And I stopped in for a drink
I just kept looking at her face so white
I didn't know what to think
Later on when the crowd thinned out
I was getting ready to leave
She was standing there right beside my chair
Saying "What's that you got up your sleeve?"
I said "Nothing baby, and that's for sure"
She leaned down into my face
I could feel the heat and the pulse of her
As she bent down to tie the laces
Of my shoe
Tangled up in blue

I lived with them on Montague Street
In a basement down the stairs
There was snow all winter and no heat
Revolution was in the air
And one day all of his slaves ran free
Something inside of him died
The only thing I could do was be me
And get on that train and ride
And when it all came crashing down
I was already south
I didn't know whether the world was flat or round
I had the worst taste in my mouth
That I ever knew
Tangled up in blue

So now I'm going on back again
Maybe tomorrow or maybe next year
I gotta find someone among the women and men
Whose destiny is unclear
Some are masters of illusion
Some are ministers of the trade
All of the strong delusion
All of their beds are unmade
Me I'm still heading towards the sun
Trying to stay out of the joint
We always did love the very same one
We just saw her from a different point
Of view
Tangled up in blue

(Early version)


I see you leaning on the window
I said I could not wait
I'm leaving home by morning
I didn't even hesitate

I sent you all my money
Just like I did before
I try to reach you honey
But you're drifting too far from shore

Drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore

I seen you leave your letter
Over your harder hill
I hope you're feelin better
Roll down your window sill

I sent you all my money
Just like I did before
I try to reach you honey
But you're drifting too far from shore

Drifting too far from shore
Yeah baby, drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore

I got your need this morning
Over your head are new
All that was only warning
Write out their checques for you

I sent you all my money
Just like I did before
I try to reach you honey
But you're drifting too far from shore

Drifting too far from shore
Yeah baby, drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore
Drifting too far from shore

(Bob Dylan & Sam Shepard)


I wish I could remember that movie just a little bit better, All I remember about it was that it starred Gregory Peck.
He was shot down in the back by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself. The townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.

Well the Sheriff beat that boy to a bloody pulp,
As the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath.
"Turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square. I want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death".

Well I keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in, And it blows right through me like a ball and chain.
You know I can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart. Your memory keeps callin' after me like a rollin' train.

I can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert In your busted-down Ford and your platform heels.
I could never figure out why you choose that particular place to meet, Ah, but you were right. It was perfect, as I got in behind the wheel.

We drove that car all night until San Antone
And we slept near the Alamo, bedded out beneath the stars.
Way down in Mexico he went out to see a doctor and you never came back, I stayed there a while, 'till the whole place it started to feel like Mars.

Well, I'm driving this car and the sun is comin' up over the Rockies.
Somethin' about it reminds me of you, like when she sings "Baby, let the good times roll". But I'm too over the edge to remember the things we used to talk about or do, And she's the one to remind me, she knows this car would go out of control.

Danville Girl with your Danville curl, Teeth like pearls, shining like the moon above.
Danville Girl take me all around the world.
Danville Girl, you're my honey love.

Well, we crossed the Panhandle and then we headed out towards Amarillo,
Rushin' down where Henry Porter used to live, he owned the wrecking lot outside of town,  We could see Ruby in the window, as we came rolling up in a trail of dust.
She said "Henry's not here, he took off, but you all can come in and stay a while".

Well she told us times were tough but we never knew how bad off she was.
You know she would change the subject every time money came up.
You know her eyes were filled with so much sadness, she was so disillusioned with everything, She said "Even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt".

"How far are you all going?" Ruby asked us with a sigh.
"We're going all the way 'till the wheels fall off and burn.
Till the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies". Ruby just smiled and said "Ah, you know, some babies never learn".

I keep trying to remember that movie though, and it does keep comin' back, But I can't remember what part I played or who I was supposed to be. All I can remember about it is it's starring Gregory Peck and he was in it, And everything he did in it reminded me of me. Yeah!

Danville Girl with your Danville curl, Teeth like pearls, shining like the moon above.
Danville Girl take me all around the world.
Danville Girl, you're my honey love.

Well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour.
I was crossing the street when they opened fire.
I didn't know whether to duck or to run so I ran.
Sounded to me like I was bein' chased by the midnight choir.

Well, you saw my picture in the Corpus Christi Tribune, underneath it said  'A man with no alibi'.
You went out on a limb to testify and you said I was with you. Ah, yes you did!
And I watched you break down in front of the judge and cry. It was the best acting I ever saw you do.

I've always been the emotional person but this time it was asking too much.
If there's an original thought out there, Oh, I could use it right now!
Yeah, I feel pretty good, but you know I could feel a whole lot better, oh yes I could, If you were just here by my side to show me how.

Well, I'm standing in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck.
Oh yes I am, but it's not the one that I had in mind.
He's got a new one out now, you know it just don't look the same, But I'll see him anyway and I stand in line.

Danville Girl with your Danville curl, Teeth like pearls, shining like the moon above.
Danville Girl take me all around the world.
Danville Girl, you're my honey love.

You know, it's funny how people just want to believe what's convenient.
Nothing happens on purpose, it's an accident if it happens at all.
And everything that's happening to us seems like it's happening without our consent, But we're busy talking back and forth to our shadows on an old stone wall.

Oh, you got to talk to me now baby, tell me about the man that you used to love, And tell me about your dreams, just before the time you passed out. Oh, yeah! Tell me about the time that our engine broke down and it was the worst of times, Tell me about all the things that I couldn't do nothin' about.

There was a movie I seen one time, I think I sat through it twice.
I don't remember who I was or what part I played.
All I remember about it was it was starring Gregory Peck.
But that was a long time ago, and it was made in the shade.

Danville girl with your Danville curl, Teeth like pearls, shining like the moon above.
Danville Girl take me all around the world.
Danville Girl, you're my honey love.

(Extra verses)

Say goodbye to Frank Riley
Say goodbye to Frances Jordan too
Funny how I never did know
Honey, I was to tied up with you

And then I'll see just who amazes me
And these surprises they come to pass Well, it's all over now
I'm seeing the real you at last.

(Outtake version)

Something is burning, baby, are you aware?
Something is the matter, baby, there's smoke in your hair Are you still my friend, baby, show me a sign Is the love in your heart for me turning blind?

You've been avoiding the main streets for a long, long while The truth that I'm seeking is in your missing file What's your position, baby, what's going on?
Why is the light in your eyes nearly gone?

I know everything about this place, or so it seems
Am I know longer a part of your plans or your dreams? Well, it is so obvious that something has changed
What's happening baby to make you act so strange?

Something is burning, baby, here's what I say
Even the bloodhounds of London couldn't find you today I see the shadow of a man, baby, makin' you blue Who is he, baby, and what's he to you?

We've reached the edge of the road, baby, where the pasture begins Where charity is supposed to cover up a multitude of sins But where do you live, baby, and where is the light?
Why are your eyes just staring off in the night?

I can feel it coming down, coming down, coming down from four stories high.
And it's sticking in the ground, in the ground, in the ground, I don't want to see you die.
I can feel it in the night, in the night, in the night, feel it in the breeze.
I can feel it taking flight in your white skin tight, I can feel myself freeze.

Got to start someplace baby, can you explain?
Please don't fade away on me baby, like the midnight train Answer me baby, a casual look will do Just what in the world has come over you?

I can feel it in the touch, in the touch, in the touch of her fingertips.
I can feel it in the rush, in the rush, in the rush of a rock'n'roll lick.
I can feel it in my brain, in my brain, in my brain, I know what she needs.
I can feel it in the rain, in the rain, in the rain, I don't want to see you bleed.

Somebody bigger than me is gonna know what you're about.
Somebody parked in a truck in the shade is gonna figure you out.
Ring down when you're ready baby, I'm waiting alone.
The life you're saving just might be your own.


You ain't so good in arithmetic, baby
You don't know how to count
When it comes to spending money
It's never the right amount
But baby, you know, two and two is four
Baby, that'll be the day,
But in love, crazy love, you get straight A!

In history, you don't do too well
You don't know how to read
You could confuse Geronimo
With Johnny Appleseed
And if you don't know who Thomas Edison is,
Well, baby, that's OK,
But in love, crazy love, you get straight A!

You could fall off the honor roll
You wouldn't need a shove
But you graduate with honors
From the school of love, well ....

You aren't doing too well in Geography
Baby, you can never read a map
And if you're doing, the teacher talks,
It's a time you take a nap
You thought that England is in Spain
Baby, that's OK
But in love, crazy love, you get straight A!

You could fall off the honor roll
Baby, you wouldn't need a shove But you graduate with honors
>From the school of love, well ....

You don't know much about Geography
Baby, you can't read a map
Every time the teacher starts to talking
Baby, you take a nap
You might think England is in Spain
But, baby, that's OK
But in love, crazy love, you get straight A!


The very thought of you, oh what it can do
So deep in my mind, I'm so intertwined with
The very thought of you

The very thought of you, oh what it can do
Can't put it down, for I am bound to
The very thought of you

Don't you see the page that flies from the book from which it's torn
In the street of flame where you call my name
Just as soon as I am born

The very thought of you, oh what it can do
I'm changing shape, but I can't escape from
The very thought of you

Don't you see the page that flies from the book from which it's torn
In the street of flame where you call my name
Just as soon as I am born

The very thought of you, oh what it can do
I'm changing shape, but I can't escape from
The very thought of you


Waiting to get beat
On a dark and lonely street
Pay time 'round, pay back down
Waiting to get beat

Waiting to get beat
Waiting like a piece of meat
The switch is on, the plan is gone
Waiting to get beat

You're playin' around with daddy, baby
When you should have quit
Nobody messes up one of these boys
And get away with it

Waiting to get beat
Can't sleep, can't eat
Getting rude, getting bold
Getting ready to be rolled
Waiting to get beat

Setting a match to the house that you live in
And falling for the first clown you see
One day there'll be a knock on the door
And you know who it'll be

Waiting to get beat
Playing with a heart that will cheat
Getting pretty, getting ripped
Getting dressed to get whipped
Waiting to get beat


Oh, happy I, I mean you for me
Cause I'm true
But I know in the end
When the clock's worked through and through

Because I know loving means Nearly everything that I need Who loves you more, who loves you true?
Oh, baby I do.


Don't you know that I'm beside
But I need to know if dark and wide
Cause a door is ajar and it leads to the rock I know
Baby before you go

Say that I all over you
And you know it, you know it too
So honey me, offer me, I've been through and through
Oh yeah, but if you, because

I wish to know, and I didn't care You're the answer to my every prayer Who loves you more, who loves you true?
Oh baby you know I do.

Yes if you do well, up and out the door
I'm said she's there just like before

Who loves you well, who'll take you there?
Who'll watch you through, I will watch you through

And I shall fulfill my soul, if you're the one Face the day, and the brightening sun Who loves you more, who loves you true?
Oh baby I do.

Well, you're perfect to me, ah can't you see
And I'll bring you there, for you to be
All being well, holding up and I thought you should know Oh baby before you go.

Talk to me, say it well
Cause you're the answer to my every prayer Who loves you more, who loves you true?
Oh baby I do.

Stick by me, stick by my bones
Till you get aged, until you get old
Stick by me closer, tell me one I put, I know it's true And I'll take you through.

But, swear by me, fortune and bold Climb in your head deep in your heart and soul Who loves you more, who loves you true?
Oh baby I do.


Well ... ain't home right now
He can't come to the phone
So leave your name and number
When you hear that lonesome tone

He'd gladly talk to you right now
I'd like to guarantee
But I can't speak on his behalf
Since I'm not really he


I got to see you, baby, I don't care
I've got to meet you honey, I don't care where
I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

I saw you in a dream, I began to shout
You were sitting in a tub with the water running out I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

I was driving down the highway, you flagged me down
You said "Take me Daddy, to the nearest town"
I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

You kissed me, baby, in the coffee shop
Makes me nervous, I wish you'd stop
I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

You've got that crazy rhythm in the way you walk
I get a crazy feeling when you start to talk
I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

Come to see me, baby, tell your driver to wait
There's just a few little things that we've got to get straight I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.

You were wearin' a blue scarf, baby, that was coverin' you head
You're wearin' a long dress, baby, fire engine red
I had a dream about you baby, a dream about you baby Late last night you came rollin' across my mind.


Talking about fear, hate, envy and jealousy
It's like a fire, all over the world
I'm talking about fear, hate, envy and jealousy It's like a fire, all over the world.

You know the wicked have sold their souls for gold
And everybody knows their wealth is in the sky And the very, very, very sad part about it all There ain't nothing that nobody gonna survive.

I'm talking about fear, hate, envy and jealousy It's like a fire, all over the world.
I'm talking about fear, hate, envy and jealousy It's like a fire, all over the world.

Don't push the button, yeah, of envy and jealousy It's like a fire, all over the world.
I'm talking about fear, hate, envy and jealousy It's like a fire, all over the world.

Don't push that
Don't push the button, y'all
Don't push it
Don't push the button, y'all
You make the world go boom
Make the world go boom, boom
You make the world go boom
Make the world go boom, boom

(Bob Dylan & Tom Petty)

You got me in a corner
You got me against the wall
I got nowhere to go
I got nowhere to fall

Take back your insurance
Baby, nothin's guaranteed
Take back your acid rain
Let your T.V. bleed

You're jammin' me, you're jammin' me
Quit jammin' me
Baby, you can keep me painted in a corner
You can walk away, but it's not over

Take back your angry slander
Take back your pension plan
Take back your ups and your downs of your life
In raisin-land

Take back Vanessa Redgrave
Take back Joe Piscopo
Take back Eddie Murphy
Give 'em all some place to go

You're jammin' me, you're jammin' me
Quit jammin' me
Baby, you can keep me painted in a corner
You can walk away, but it's not over

Take back your Iranian torture
And the apple in young Steve's eye
Yeah, take back your losing streak
Check your front wheel drive

Take back Pasadena
Take back El Salvador
Take back that country club
They're tryin' to build outside my door

You're jammin' me, you're jammin' me
Quit jammin' me
Baby, you can keep me painted in a corner
You can walk away, but it's not over

(Bob Dylan & Bono Hewson)

Love rescue me
Come forth and speak to me
Raise me up and don't let me fall
No man is my enemy
My own hands imprison me
Love rescue me

Many strangers have I met
On the road to my regret
Many lost who seek to find themselves in me
They ask me to reveal
The very thoughts they would conceal
Love rescue me

And the sun in the sky makes a shadow of you and I
Stretching out as the sun sinks in the sea
I'm here without a name in the palace of my shame
Love rescue me

In the cold mirror of a glass
I see my reflection pass
I see the dark shades of what I used to be
I see the purple of her eyes
The scarlet of my lies
Love rescue me

And the sun in the sky makes a shadow of you and I
Stretching out as the sun sinks in the sea
I'm hanging by my thumbs
I'm ready for whatever comes
Love rescue me

Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow
Yet I will fear no evil
I have cursed thy rod and staff
They no longer comfort me
Love rescue me

I've conquered my past
The future is here at last
I stand on the entrance
To a new world I can see
The ruins to the right of me
Will soon have lost sight of me
Love rescue me


He loves your sexy body, he loves your dirty mind
He loves the way you hold him when you grab him from behind
Oh baby, you're such a pretty thing
I can't wait to introduce you to the other members of my gang

You don't need no wax job, you're smooth enough for me
If you need your oil changed I'll do it for you free
Oh baby, the pleasure would be all mine
If you let me drive your pickup truck and park it where the sun don't shine

Every time he touches you his hair stands up on end
His legs begin to quiver and his mind begins to bend
Oh, baby your such a tasty treat
But I'm under doctors orders, I'm afraid to overeat

He loves your sense of humour, your disposition too
There's absolutely nothing that he don't love about you
Oh, baby, I'm on my hands and knees
Life would be so simple if I only had you to please

Oh, baby, turn around and say goodbye
You go to the airport now and I'm going home to cry

He loves your ...  electric dumplings
He loves your ...  red Bell Peppers
He loves your ...  fuel Injection
He loves your ...  service Carge
He loves your ...  five-speed gearbox
He loves your ...  long endurance
He loves your ...  quest for junk food
He loves your ...  big refrigerator
He loves your ...  trembling Wilbury
He loves your ...  marble earrings
He loves your ...  porky curtains
He loves your ...  power steering
He loves your ...  bottled Water
He loves your ...  parts and services

Dirty world, a dirty world, it's a f****** dirty world


Congratulations for breaking my heart
Congratulations for tearing it all apart
Congratulations you finally did succeed
Congratulations for leaving me in need

This morning I looked out my window and found
A bluebird singing but there was no one around
At night I lay alone in my bed
With an image of you goin' around in my head

Congratulations for bringing me down
Congratulations now I'm sorrow bound
Congratulations you got a good deal
Congratulations how good you must feel

I guess I must have loved you more than I ever knew
My world is empty now cause it don't have you
And if I had just one more chance to win your heart again
I would do things differently but what's the use to pretend

Congratulations for making me wait
Congratulations now it's too late
Congratulations you came out on top
Congratulations you never did know when to stop


Tweeter and the Monkey Man were hard up for cash, They stayed up all night selling cocaine and hash, To an Undercover Cop who had a sister named Jan.
For reasons unexplained she loved the Monkey Man.

Tweeter was a Boy Scout 'fore she went to Vietnam, And found out the hard way, nobody gives a damn. They knew that they found freedom just across the Jersey line, So they hopped into a stolen car, took Highway 99.

And the walls came down, All the way to hell.
Never saw them when they're standing, Never saw them when they fell.

The Undercover Cop never liked the Monkey Man, Even back in childhood he wanted to see him in the can.
Jan got married at fourteen to a racketeer named Bill,
She made secret calls to the Monkey Man from a mansion on the hill.

It was out on Thunder Road, Tweeter at the wheel,
They crashed into paradise, they could hear them tires squeal.
The Undercover Cop pulled up and said "Everyone of you's a liar,
If you don't surrender now it's gonna go down to the wire."

And the walls came down, All the way to hell.
Never saw them when they're standing, Never saw them when they fell.

An ambulance rolled up, a state-trooper close behind, Tweeter took his gun away and messed up his mind. The Undercover Cop was left tied up to a tree,
Near the souvenir stand, by the old abandoned factory.

Next day the Undercover Cop was hot in pursuit,
He was taking the whole thing personal, he didn't care about the loot. Jan had told him many times, "It was you to me who taught In Jersey anything's legal, as long as you don't get caught".

And the walls came down, All the way to hell.
Never saw them when they're standing,
Never saw them when they fell.

Some place by Rahwey Prison they ran out of gas,
The Undercover Cop had cornered them, said, "Boy you didn't think this could last?" Jan jumped out of bed, said, "There's someplace I gotta go".
She took the gun out of the drawer, said, "It's best that you don't know".

The Undercover Cop was found face down in a field,
The Monkey Man was on the river bridge, using Tweeter as a shield.
Jan said to the Monkey Man, "I'm not fooled by Tweeter's curl,
I Knew him long before he became a Jersey Girl."

And the walls came down, All the way to hell.
Never saw them when they're standing, Never saw them when they fell.

Now the town of Jersey City is quieting down again, I'm sitting in a gambling club called the Lion's Den.
The TV set was blown up, every bit of it is gone,
Ever since the nightly news showed that the Monkey Man was on.

I guess I'll go to Florida and get myself some sun,
There ain't no more opportunity here, everything's been done. Sometimes I think of Tweeter, sometimes I think of Jan,
Sometimes I don't think about nothing but the Monkey Man.

And the walls came down, All the way to hell.
Never saw them when they're standing, Never saw them when they fell.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

She's got a pudding in the oven and it's gonna be good.
She better not leave me and go out to Hollywood.
She's got the best pudding in the neighborhood.
She's my baby.

She can drive a truck, she can drive a train, She can even drive an aeroplane.
She's so good to look at in the rain.
She's my baby.

She's coming down the sidewalk, she's coming through the door, She's coming all from places, you've never been before.
She sits down on the sofa, she pours herself a drink,
Says "Honey, honey, honey, ain't no time to think."

She's my baby. My baby.

She's got a body for business, got a head for sin, She knocks me over like a bowling pin.
She came home last night and said: "Honey, honey, honey, it's hard to get ahead" She's my baby. My baby.

She can build a boat, she can make it float.
She can play my guitar note for note.
She loves to stick her tongue right down my throat.
She's my baby. My baby.
She's my baby. My baby.
She's my baby. My baby.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

Look out your window, the grass ain't green, It's kind of yellow, see what I mean? Look up your chimney, the sky ain't blue, It's kind of yellow, you know it's true.

It's so hard to figure what it's all about,
When your outside's in (inside out),
And your downside's up (upside down),
Yeah, your upside's right (right side up), Yeah, don't it make you wanna twist and shout, When you're inside out.

Look down your drainpipe, what color do you see?
It's got to be yellow, don't try to fool me!

Don't it make you wanna twist and shout?
When your outside's in (inside out),
And your downside's up (upside down),
Yeah, your upside's right (right side up), Yeah, don't it make you wanna twist and shout, When you're inside out.

Be careful where you're walking,  You might step in something rough. Be careful when you're talking, And saying all that stuff.

Take care when you are breathing,
Something's funny in the air, There's some things they're not saying, About what's happening out there.
It's inside out.

Look into the future, with your mystic crystal ball.
See if it ain't yellow, see if it's there at all.

Ain't no shadow of a doubt,
Don't it make you wanna twist and shout?
When your outside's in (inside out),
And your downside's up (upside down),
Yeah, your upside's right (right side up),
Yeah, don't it make you wanna twist and shout,
When you're inside out.

Inside out.
Right side up.
Yeah, don't it make you wanna twist and shout, When you're inside out.
Inside out.
Inside out.


You're waltzing around the room tonight in someone else's clothes.
You're always coming out of things, smelling like a rose.
You hang your head and your heart is filled with so much misery.
You'd be happy as you could be, if you belonged to me.

You say "Let's go to the rodeo and see some cowboy fall" Sometimes it seems to me you got no sympathy at all.
Keep on going on and on, about how you're so free.
You'd be happy as you could be, if you belonged to me.

It ain't easy to get to you, but there must be some kind of a way.
If only to connect to you, for one moment of each day.

You say that you're all washed up, got nothing else to give.
Seem like you never figured out how long you have to live.
You could feel like a baby again sitting on your daddy's knee.
Oh, how happy you would be, if you belonged to me.

The guy you're with is a ruthless pimp, everybody knows.
Every cent he takes from you goes straight up his nose.
You look so sad, you're going so mad, any fool can see. You'd be happy as you could be, if you belonged to me.
You'd be happy as you could be, if you belonged to me.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

While you're strolling down the fairway showing no remorse,
Glowing from the poisons they've sprayed on your golf course, While you're busy sinking birdies and keeping your score card, The Devil's been busy in your backyard.

Steaming down the highway with your trucks and toxic waste Where you gonna hide it, maybe outer space?
You don't know what you're doing or what you have to guard.
The Devil's been busy in your backyard.

Sometime you think you're crazy, but you know you're only mad.
Sometimes you're better off not knowing how much you've been had.

You see your second cousin wasted in a fight.
You say he had it comin', he couldn't do it right.
You're in a western movie, playin' a little part.
The Devil's been busy in your backyard.

Sometimes they say you're wicked, but you know that can't be bad.
Sometimes you're better off not knowing, it'll only make you sad.

They're coming down Piccadilly, they're dripping at the dash Arresting Sticky Willie, clubbering him with their cosh. They just might not have noticed, they've been beating him so hard And the Devil's been busy in your backyard.
The Devil's been busy in your backyard.
The Devil's been busy in your backyard.


Seven deadly sins, that's how the world begins Watch out when you step in For seven deadly sins.
Seven deadly sins, that's when the fun begins Seven deadly sins.

Sin number 1: Was when you left me Sin number 2:
You said goodbye.
Sin number 3:
Was when you told me a little white lie.

Seven deadly sins, once it starts it never ends. Watch out around the bend For seven deadly sins.
Seven deadly sins.

Sin number 4: Was when you looked my way Sin number 5: Was when you smiled Sin number 6:
Was when you let me stay
Sin number 7 was when you touched me and drove me wild.

Seven deadly sins, so many rules to bend Time and time again.
Seven deadly sins.

Seven deadly sins.
Seven deadly sins.

Seven deadly sins, that's how the world begins Watch out when you step in For seven deadly sins.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

You walk in half past nine looking like a queen.
Serving me with papers calling me obscene.
Woman, I've tried so hard just to do my best.
They're gonna put me in the poor house, and you'll take all the rest.

Up all day, down all night, working on a job,
Everything I do is wrong, I always end up robbed Woman, I've tried so hard, done all I can do.
They're gonna put me in the poor house, keep all the best for you.

If I drew a pulpwood truck would you love me more?
Would you bring me diamonds and hang around my door?
Woman, I've done my best, there ain't much left for me.
They're gonna put me in the poor house, throw away the key.

You walk in half past nine looking like a queen.
Serving me with papers calling me obscene.
Woman, I've tried so hard just to do my best.
They're gonna put me in the poor house, and you'll take all the rest.

Where Were You Last Night?

Where were you last night?
You were so up-tight.
What did you do, who did you see?
Were you with someone who reminded you of me?
Where were you last night?

Where were you last week?
Were you up a creek?
Did you stay up, pacing the floor?
Got me worried, you ignore me more and more.

Where were you last night?
You weren't around me, when they found me.
Where were you last night?

You better stop your messing around.
Your name is going 'round from town to town.
It's making me sad, making me feel bad.
Where were you last night?

Where were you last year?
You sure as hell weren't here.
You weren't waiting, where you said.
You sent someone in your place instead.

Where were you last night?
It's getting to me, making me gloomy.
Where were you last night?

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

I
Don't
Want
Nothing,
Nothing
But you,
And I'm waiting,
Looking for a new blue moon.

I'm
So
Tired
Waiting,
Waiting
For you,
And I'm waiting,
Looking for a new blue moon.

So many moons have come and gone And none of them were blue.
Too many times the sun came up
But it came up without you, you, ya, yoo-hooo.

You
Won't
Call
Me,
Call me
Lonely
And I'm waiting,
Looking for a new blue moon.

So many moons have come and gone And none of them were blue.
Too many times the sun cape up
But it came up without you, you, you, ya-hooo.

Someday
When
You
Want
Me,
Someday
You may see
I was waiting,
Looking for a new blue moon,

I was waiting,
Looking for a new blue moon.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

You took my breath away, I want it back again.
Look at the mess I'm in, I don't know what to say.
I don't know how to feel, you don't care anyway.
All I can do is wait, you took my breath away.

You took this song of mine and changed the middle bit. It used to sound all right, but now the words don't fit It's getting hard to rhyme, impossible to play.
I've tried it many times, you took my breath away.

One day when the sun is shining There will be a silver lining.

You knocked my headlights out, so turn them on again.
I can't see where I'm going, I can't tell where I've been.
I don't know how to feel, this hasn't been my day.
Seems like I've lost the wheel, you took my breath away.

You took my breath away.
You took my breath away.
You took my breath away.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

Put your hand on your head, put your foot in the air, Then you hop around the room in your underwear.
There ain't never been nothin' quite like this.
Come on baby, it's the Wilbury Twist.

Lift your other foot up, fall on your ass.
Get back up, put your teeth in a glass.
There ain't never been nothin' quite like this.
It's a magical thing called the Wilbury Twist.

Everybody's trying to do the Wilbury Twist: China, Belgium, France, Japan, Ireland, Poland, Pakistan, Everybody's trying to do the Wilbury Twist.

Roll up your rug, dust your broom, Ball the jack, howl at the moon
Ain't never been nothin' quite like this.
Everybody's talkin' 'bout the Wilbury Twist.

Everybody's trying to do the Wilbury Twist: Puerto Rico, USA, England, Cameroun, Norway, Everybody's trying to do the Wilbury Twist.

Turn your lights down low, put your blindfold on.
You'll never know, when your friends have gone.
It could be years before you're missed.
Everybody's trying to do the Wilbury Twist.

It's a different dance, for you all to do.
Spin your body like a screw.
Better not forget it on your shopping list.
You can stop and buy one, it's the Wilbury Twist.

Ain't never been nothin' quite like this. Better come and get it, it's the Wilbury Twist I guess by now you got the gist.
Everybody's crazy 'bout the Wilbury Twist.

(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

She's got a pudding in the oven and it's gonna be good.
She better not leave me and go out to Hollywood.
She's got the best pudding in the neighborhood.
She's my baby.

She can drive a truck, she can drive a train, She can even drive an aeroplane.
She's so good to look at in the rain.
She's my baby.

She's coming down the sidewalk, she's coming in the door, She's coming all from places, you've never been before.
She sits down on the sofa, kicks off her shoes
She says "Honey, honey, my feet have got the blues"

She's my baby. My baby.

She's got a body for business and a head for sin, She knocks me over like a bowling pin. She came home last night and said:
"Honey, honey, shall we go to bed?"

She can build a boat, she can make it float.
She can play my guitar note for note.
She sticks her tongue right straight up my throat.
She's my baby. My baby.
She's my baby. My baby.
She's my baby. My baby.

(Alternate version)
(Bob Dylan – George Harrison – Jeff Lynne – Tom Petty)

You took my breath away, I want it back again.
That's why I can't pretend, you took my breath away.
I don't know how to feel, you don't care anyway.
Run out of words to say, you took my breath away.

You broke this heart of mine, you break it all the time.
Turning water into wine, you took my breath away.
I'm not the only one, who's seen the risin' sun.
I see it everyday, you took my breath away.

One day when the sun is shining There will be a silver lining.

You broke this heart of mine, you break it all the time.
Turning water into wine, you took my breath away.
I'm not the only one, who's seen the risin' sun.
I see it everyday, you took my breath away.

You took my breath away.
You took my breath away.
You took my breath away.

(Alternate version)

Like a ship on the sea
Our love rose over me
Like a ship on the sea
Our love rose over me
Go away, go away, let me be

Lie awake, then when I dream
Our love hangs over me
Lie awake, then when I dream
Our love hangs over me
Go away, go away, let me be

Standing on the white cliffs of Dover
Looking out into space
Like a channel to cross over
Another dream to chase

Tonight is dark and dreary
The wind is howling down
Your heart is hanging heavy
When your sweet love ain't around

Like a leaf on a tree
Our love is shakin' me
Like a leaf on a tree
Our love is shakin' me
Go away, go away, let me be

Like a leaf, like a ship on the sea
Like a leaf, like a ship on the sea



In the lonely night,
In the stardust of a pale blue light,
I think of you in black and white When we were made in dreams.

I walk along to the shakin' street
Listenin' to my heart beat
In the record breaking heat When we were born in time.

Just when I knew, you were gone, you came back
Just when I knew it was for certain

You were high, you were low
You were so easy to know
Oh, babe, now it's time
To raise the curtain, I'm hurtin'

On the rising curve,
Where the ways of nature will test every nerve, I took you close and got what I deserve, When we were born in time.

Just when I knew, who to thank, you went playin' Just when the home fires were smoking.

You were snow, you were rain.
You were striped, you were plain.
Oh, babe, truer words
Have not been spoken, or broken.

In the hills of the mystery,
In the foggy web of destiny,
I think of you from deep inside of me When we were born in time.


Broken glass, broken days
Broken leaves on broken trees
Broken treaties, broken vows
Broken hands on broken plows
Ain't no use running, honey, ain't no use joking
Nothing's working, everything broken

Broken lives hanging by a thread
Broken bones in a broken bed
Broken mirror, broken chair
Broken roads going nowhere
Broken words never meant to be spoken
Can't help it, honey, everything broken

I sent you roses once from the heart that was full of greed
Sent you roses, someone else must have received

Broken clock on a broken wall
Broken voices in a broken hall
Broken beginnings, broken ends
Streets are filled with broken friends
Take a deep breath, baby, feel like you're choking Tell me the truth now, everything broken?

Seen James Dean in a picture once coming in from the cold
Say "Geez I hope I look that good if I get to be that old"

Broken plants on a broken floor
Broken key from a broken door
Broken idols, broken heroes
Broken numbers adding up to zeroes
Brown dogs howling, bull frogs croaking
It ain't easy, baby, everything broken


God knows I need you
God knows I do
God knows there ain't nobody Ever gonna take the place of you.

God knows I can take it
God knows that I care
God knows everybody's gotta have someone
To love somewhere

God knows there's an answer
God knows it's out of place
God knows it might working right now
But then it snaps straight into space

There ain't no rhyme or reason
I know it can't be wrong It was supposed to last a season, But its been so strong for so long.

God knows I'm ready
God knows you're hard to find
God knows you stepped right there before my very eyes
Messin' up my mind

There ain't no rhyme or reason
I know it can't be wrong It was supposed to last a season,
But its been so strong for so long.

God knows there's a purpose.
God knows there's a chance.
God knows we can rise above the darkest hour Of any circumstance.


We live in a political world, Love don't have any place.
We're living in times where men commit crimes, And crime don't have a face.

We live in a political world.
Icicles hangin' down.
Wedding bells ring and angels sing.
And clouds cover up the ground.

We live in a political world.
Wisdom is thrown into jail,
It rots in a cell, misguided as hell, Leaving no one to pick up the trail.

We live in a political world
Truth is the outlaw of life
It's hunted and slain, in the snow and the rain
And put under the doctor's knife

We live in a political world
Where the word is a broken down lie
The peddlin' of dreams, nothing's what it seems
Nothing more than hello and goodbye

We live in a political world Where mercy walks the plank. Life is in mirrors, death disappears Up the steps into the nearest bank.

We live in a political world
Conscience don't have a clue
You climb into bed, dropped out of your head
You're not even sure that it's you

We live in a political world
Courage is a thing of the past,
Houses are haunted, children are unwanted, The next day could be your last.

We live in a political world,
The one we can see and can feel.
But there's no one to check, it's all a stacked deck.
We all know for sure that it's real.

We live in a political world, In the cities of lonesome fear.
Little by little you turn to the middle,
But you're never sure why you're here.

We live in a political world,
Under the microscope,
You could travel anywhere and hang yourself there, You always got more than enough rope.

We live in a political world,
That's what it's all about
As soon as you're awake you're trained to take What looks like the easy way out.

We live in a political world
Everything's a little bit strange
Prayers are prayed and orders are obeyed
Everything is subject to change

We live in a political world,
Senseless men set the pace
You can force yourself into the snarl of men
But you better just stay out of the race

We live in a political world,
World of wine, women and song
You can make it through without the first two
Boy, without the third you wouldn't last long

We live in a political world,
Everything's hers and his,
Climb into the flame and shout God's name, But you're not even sure what it is.


I was thinkin' of a series of dreams
Where nothin' comes up to the top
Everything stays down where it's wounded
And comes to a permanent stop
Wasn't thinking of anything specific
Like in a dream where someone wakes up and screams
Nothin' too very scientific
Just thinking of a series of dreams

Thinking of a series of dreams
Where the middle and the bottom drop out
And you're walkin' out of the darkness
And into the shadows of doubt
Wasn't going to any great trouble
You believe in, it's whatever it seems
Nothin' too heavy to burst the bubble
I was just thinking of a series of dreams

Thinking of a series of dreams
Where the time and the tempo drag
Suddenly the gate is thrown open
And you're left there holding the bag
Wasn't making any great connection
Wasn't falling for any intricate scheme
Nothing that would pass inspection
I was just thinking of a series of dreams

Dreams where the umbrella is folded
And into the path you are hurled
And the cards are no good that you're holding
Unless they're from another world

In one the surface was frozen
In another I witnessed a crime
In one I was running and in another
All I seemed to be doing was crying
Wasn't looking for any special assistance
Nor going to any great extremes
I'd already gone the distance
Just thinking of a series of dreams


Seen a shooting star tonight, And I thought of you.
Something reaching out to me
Something coming through
I wondered what it would do I seen a shooting star tonight, And I thought of you.

Seen a shooting star tonight,
Against the grain
Up in the hotrod sky
Across the prairies of pain
I's lookin' up and dreamin' like I sometimes do Seen a shooting star tonight, And I thought of you.

Listen to the engine, listen to the bell, As the last fire truck from hell goes rolling by, All good people are praying.
It's the last temptation, the last account,
The last time you might hear the sermon on the mount, The last radio is playing.

Seen a shooting star tonight
Cross a flatland road
I's a thousand miles away
>From where the end of time explodes
I was lookin' up and wondered if the dawn was breakin' through I seen a shooting star tonight And I thought of you.



I cross the green mountain, I sit by the stream
Heaven blazing in my head, I dreamt a monstrous dream
Something came up out of the sea
Swept through the land of the rich and the free

I look into the eyes of my merciful friend And then I ask myself, is this the end?
Memories linger, sad yet sweet
And I think of the souls in heaven who will meet

Altars are burning with flames far and wide
The foe has crossed over from the other side
They tip their caps from the top of the hill
You can feel them come, more brave blood to spill

Along the dim Atlantic line
The ravaged land lies for miles behind
The light's coming forward and the streets are broad
All must yield to the avenging God

The world is old, the world is gray
Lessons of life, can't be learned in a day
I watch and I wait, and I listen while I stand
To the music that comes from a far better land

Close the eyes of our captain, peace may he know
His long night is done, the great leader is laid low
He was ready to fall, he was quick to defend
Killed outright he was, by his own men

It's the last day's last hour, of the last happy year
I feel that the unknown world is so near
Pride will vanish and glory will rot
But virtue lives and cannot be forgot

The bells of leavening have rung
There's blasphemy on every tongue
Let 'em say that I walked in fair nature's light
And that I was loyal to truth and to right

Serve God and be cheerful, look upward, beyond
Beyond the darkness of masks, the surprises of dawn
In the deep green grasses of the blood-stained world
They never dreamed of surrenderin', they fell where they stood

Stars fell over Alabama, I saw each star
You're walkin' in dreams, whoever you are
Chilled are the skies, keen as the frost
The grounds froze hard and the morning is lost

A letter to mother came today
Gunshot wound to the breast is what it did say
But he'll be better soon, he's in a hospital bed
But he'll never be better - he's already dead

I'm ten miles outside the city, and I'm lifted away
In an ancient light, that is not of day
They were calm, they were blunt, we knew 'em all too well
We loved each other more than we ever dared to tell



(Gerry Goffin/Bob Dylan)
Hey what's your name hey what's your game if you put me down I'll do the same send horror shows to friends you know cause that's the way things often tend to go I'm at a loss to entertain
you see the cells are paralyzed inside my brain
I bid adieu to all of you
I think it's time to end this masquerade
Now life was sweet till they called the heat the county jail has just reserved a two room suite how do they get to be such drags I just can't figure out what's behind their bags one thing I know without fail
white man's justice will prevail Buona Notta Aufwiedersehen
I think it's time to end this masquerade
I forgot to milk the cow but I don't wanna do it now like to sleep for a hundred years till' this old world just disappears
And so to end this grand affair I hear the commander in chief was even there he worked so hard he broke his back but Ronald Reagan was sleepin' in his sack the Hard-ons are in with nothin' to win it's the same old show Buenos Diae Auroueit it's a rodeo
I think it's time to end this masquerade


(released version)

The river whispers in my ear
I've hardly a penny to my name
The heavens have never seemed so near All my body glows with flame.

The tempest struggles in the air
And to myself alone I sing
It could sink me then and there I can hear the echoes ring.

I tried to find one smilin' face
To drive the shadow from my head I'm stranded in this nameless place Lyin' restless in a heavy bed.

Tell me straight out if you will Why must you torture me within?
Why must you come down off your high hill?
Throw my fate to the clouds and wind.

Far away in a silent land
Secret thoughts are hard to bear
Remember me, you'll understand Emotions we can never share.

You trampled on me as you passed
Left the coldest kiss upon my brow
All my doubts and fears have gone at last I've nothing more to tell you now.

I walk by tranquil lakes and streams
As each new season's dawn awaits I lay awake at night with troubled dreams The enemy is at the gate.

Beneath the thunder-blasted trees
The words are ringin' off your tongue The ground is hard in times like these Stars are cold, the night is young.

The rocks are bleak, the trees are bare
Iron clouds go floatin' by Snowflakes falling in my hair Beneath the gray and stormy sky.

The evenin' sun is sinking low
The woods are dark, the town is too They'll drag you down, they run the show Ain't no tellin' what they'll do.

Tell Ol' Bill when he comes home
Anything is worth a try Tell him that I'm not alone That the hour has come to do or die.

All the world I would defy
Let me make it plain as day I look at you now and I sigh How could it be any other way?



(alternate version with one more verse)

The river whispers in my ear
I've hardly a penny to my name The heavens never seemed so near And all my body glows with flame.

The tempest struggles in the air
And to my lone myself I sing
It could sink me then and there I can hear the echoes ring.

I tried to find one smilin' face
To drive the shadow from my head I'm stranded in this lonesome place Layin' restless in a heavy bed.

Tell me straight out if you will Why must you torture me within?
Why must you come from your high hill?
Throw my fate to the clouds and wind.

Far away in a silent land
Secret thoughts are hard to bear
Remember me, you'll understand Emotions we can never share.

You trampled on me as you passed
Left the coldest kiss upon my brow
All my doubts and fears have gone at last I've nothing more to tell you now.

I walk by tranquil lakes and streams
As each new season's dawn awaits I lay awake at night with troubled dreams The enemy is at the gate.

Beneath the thunder-blasted trees
The words are ringin' off your tongue
The ground is hard in times like these The stars are cold, the night is young.

From white to green, from brown to black
Not one more minute can I waste  They go too far, they drive me black  At a slow and steady pace.

The rocks are bleak, the trees are bare
Iron clouds go floatin' by Snowflakes falling in my hair Beneath the dark and stormy sky.

The evenin' sun is sinking low
The woods are dark, the town is too They'll drag you down, they run the show Ain't no tellin' what they'll do.

Tell Ol' Bill when he come home
Anything is worth of try
Tell him that I'm not alone
And that the hour has come to do or die.

All the world I would defy
Let me make it plain as day I look at you and now I die How could it be any other way?



(Gerry Goffin, Barry Goldberg, Bob Dylan)
A young girl dies in the gutter face down
Taxi driver pulls up to the curb, dies without a sound
Copin' a squad car ridin' round is nowhere to be found
Each one has seen his last
But we must let it pass
Too much money to be made
The tragedy of the trade

And if you don't give ice to the mob
Life around here gets awful hard
You're likely to lose more than just a job
And if that aint bad enough
Times are getting so tough
Most people beggin to be underpaid The tragedy of the trade
Young man working for the fast food store
Ses a recuiting poster and goes off to war
I don't think he ever knew what he was fighting for
They play Taps and lower the flag
When they bring him home in a body bag
But don't you be dismayed
It's just the tragedy of the trade
A baby cries in the ghetto morn'
Before he's five he'll wish he'd never been born
'Cause all society shows him is their hatred and their scorn
He knows he doesn't stand a chance
So he grows up with a gangster's stance
Just one more reason to be afraid
The tragedy of the trade

Remember the hum of the factory town Business was booming fo a thousand miles around But they farmed out the work and let so many people down I hear it happened just recently
Another change in our history
The billionaire's promenade The tragedy of the trade
The trade takes place around the world on a derelict street Where the masters and the slaves often congregate to meet They make deals - turn the big wheels
With starving children dying at their feet
The world's been run with Backroom Blood
Long before the time of the flood
And it's you who are betrayed
The tragedy of the trade
If you still have innocence, better lock it in a vault
Once it was a virtue, but now it's a fault Too many people waiting around
just to rip you off
And as I understand
No one really gives a damn
It's not a game, but that's the way it's played The scales of justice have really never been weighed The tragedy of the trade.


I never dreamed it could be A someone made just for me. When I'm letting her have her way, I'm here to see what she has to say.
Ah, the poor girl always wins the day.
I'm stayin' ahead of the game, And she's a-doin' the same, And the whiskey flyin' into my head. The fiddler's arm has gone dead,
And talk is beginning to spread

When did our love go bad?
Whatever happened to the best friend that I had?  It's been so long since I held you tight Been so long since we said goodnight.
The taste of tears is bittersweet.
When you're near me, my heart forgets to beat.
You're there every night
Among the good and the true, And I'll be around, waitin' for you.

Well, the king of them all  Is starting to fall.
I lost my gal at the boatman's ball.
The night has a thousand hearts and eyes.
Hope may vanish, but it never dies.
I'll see you tomorrow when freedom rings.
I'm gonna stay on top of things.
It's the middle of summer,
And the moon is blue.
And I'll be around, waitin' for you.

Another deal gone down, Another man done gone.
You put up with it all, and you carry on. Something holding you back,  But you'll come through.
I'd bet the world and everything in it on you.
Happiness is but a state of mind.
Anytime you want, you can cross the state line.  You don't need to be rich or well-to-do I'll be around, waitin' for you.




This page last updated 27 October 2015.


Thunder on the mountain and there’s fires on the moon
There’s a ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon Today’s the day; gonna grab my trombone and blow
Well, there’s hot stuff here and it’s everywhere I go

I was thinkin’ ‘bout Alicia Keys, couldn’t keep from crying
When she was born in Hell’s Kitchen, I was living down the line
I’m wondering where in the world Alicia Keys could be
I been looking for her even clear through Tennessee

Feel like my soul is beginning to expand
Look into my heart and you will sort of understand You brought me here, now you’re trying to run me away
The writing on the wall, come read it, come see what it say

Thunder on the mountain, rolling like a drum
Gonna sleep over there, that’s where the music coming from
I don’t need any guide, I already know the way
Remember this, I’m your servant both night and day

The pistols are poppin’ and the power is down
I’d like to try somethin’ but I’m so far from town
The sun keeps shinin’ and the north wind keep picking up speed
Gonna forget about myself for a while, gonna go out and see what others need

I’ve been sitting down studying The Art of Love I think it will fit me like a glove
I want some real good woman to do just what I say
Everybody got to wonder what’s the matter with this cruel world today

Thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground
Gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down
Some sweet day I’ll stand beside my king
I wouldn’t betray your love or any other thing

Gonna raise me an army, some tough sons of bitches I’ll recruit my army from the orphanages
I been to St. Herman’s church; said my religious vows
I’ve sucked the milk out of a thousand cows

I got the pork chops, she got the pie
She ain’t no angel and neither am I
Shame on your greed, shame on your wicked schemes
I’ll say this, I don’t give a damn about your dreams

Thunder on the mountain heavy as can be
Mean old twister bearing down on me
All the ladies in Washington scrambling to get out of town
Look like something bad gonna happen, better roll your airplane down

Everybody going and I want to go, too
Don’t wanna take a chance with somebody new I did all I could, I did it right there and then
I’ve already confessed - no need to confess again

Gonna make a lot of money, gonna go up north
I’ll plant and I’ll harvest what the earth brings forth
The hammer’s on the table, the pitchfork’s on the shelf
For the love of G-d, you ought to take pity on yourself



Spirit on the water
Darkness on the face of the deep I keep thinking ‘bout you, baby
And I can’t hardly sleep

I’m traveling by land
Traveling through the dawn of the day
You’re always on my mind
I can’t stay away

I’d forgotten ‘bout you
And you turned up again
I always knew
We were meant to be more than friends

When you are near
It’s just as plain as it can be I’m wild about you, gal
You ought to be a fool about me

Can’t explain
The sources of this hidden pain
You burned your way into my heart
You got the key to my brain

I’ve been trampling through mud
Praying to the powers above I’m sweating blood
You got a face that begs for love

Life without you
Doesn’t mean a thing to me
If I can’t have you
I’ll throw my love into the deep blue sea

Sometimes I wonder
Why you can’t treat me right You do good all day
And then you do wrong all night

When you’re with me
I’m a thousand times happier than I could ever say
What does it matter
What price I'd pay

They brag about your sugar Brag about it all over town
Put some sugar in my bowl
I feel like laying down

I’m as pale as a ghost Holding a blossom on a stem You ever seen a ghost? No.
But you’ve heard of them

I see you there
I’m blinded by the colors I see I take good care
Of what belongs to me

I hear your name
Ringing up and down the line I’m saying it plain
These ties are strong enough to bind

Now your sweet voice
Calls out from some old familiar shrine
I got no choice
Can’t believe these things would ever fade from your mind

I could live forever With you perfectly
You don’t ever
Have to make a fuss over me

From East to West
Ever since the world began
I only mean it for the best
I want (to) be with you any way I can

I been in a brawl
Now I’m feeling the wall I’m going away, baby
I won’t be back ‘til fall

High on the hill
You can carry all my thoughts with you You’ve numbed my will
This love could tear me in two

I won't be with you in paradise And it seems so unfair
I can’t go to paradise no more
I killed a man back there

You think I’m over the hill, Think I’m past my prime. Let me see what you got;
We can have a whoppin’ good time.




I rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long
I rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long
Woke up this mornin’, I must’ve bet my money wrong

I got troubles so hard, I can’t stand the strain
I got troubles so hard, I just can’t stand the strain
Some young lazy slut has charmed away my brains

The landscape is glowin’, gleamin’ in the golden light of day
The landscape is glowin’, gleamin’ in the golden light of day
I ain’t holding nothin’ back now, I ain’t standin’ in anybody’s way

Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind
Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind
Well, I paid and I paid; my sufferin’ heart is always on the line

Well, I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade
I ain’t nobody’s houseboy, I ain’t nobody’s well-trained maid

I’m flat out spent, this woman been drivin’ me to tears
I’m flat out spent, this woman, she been drivin’ me to tears
This woman so crazy, I swear I ain’t gonna touch on another one for years

Well, the warm weather is comin’ and the buds are on the vine
Warm weather is comin’; the buds are on the vine
Ain’t nothin’ more depressin’ than tryin’ to satisfy this woman of mine

I got up this mornin’, saw the risin’ sun return
Well, I got up this mornin’, seen the risin’ sun return
Sooner or later, you too shall burn

Well, the night’s filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom The night is filled with shadows, the years are filled with early doom
I’ve been conjuring up all these long dead souls from their crumblin’ tombs

Let’s forgive each other, darlin’, let’s go down to the Greenwood Glen
Let’s forgive each other, darlin’, let’s go down to the Greenwood Glen Let’s put our heads together now, let’s put all ol’ matters to an end

Now I rolled and I tumbled and I cried the whole night long Ah, I rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long
I woke up this morning, I think I must be travelin’ wrong


In the still of the night, in the world’s ancient light
Where wisdom grows up in strife
My bewildered brain, toils in vain
Through the darkness on the pathways of life
Each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air Tomorrow keeps turning around
We live and we die, we know not why
But I’ll be with you when the deal goes down

We eat and we drink, we feel and we think Far down the street we stray
I laugh and I cry and I’m haunted by
Things I never meant nor wished to say The midnight rain follows the train
We all wear the same thorny crown
Soul to soul, our shadows roll
And I’ll be with you when the deal goes down

The moon gives light and it shines by night Well, I scarcely feel the glow
We learn to live and then we forgive
O’er the road we’re bound to go
More frailer than the flowers, these precious hours That keep us so tightly bound
You come to my eyes like a vision from the skies
And I’ll be with you when the deal goes down

Well, I picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes
I followed the winding stream
I heard the deafening noise, I felt transient joys I know they’re not what they seem
In this earthly domain, full of disappointment and pain You’ll never see me frown
I owe my heart to you, and that’s sayin’ it true And I’ll be with you when the deal goes down

I don’t care what you do, I don’t care what you say I don’t care where you go or how long you stay
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

Well, you take my money and you turn me out
You fill me up with nothin’ but self doubt
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

When I was young, driving was my crave
You drive me so hard almost to my grave
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

I’m so hard pressed, my mind tied up in knots
I keep recycling the same old thoughts
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

So many good things in life that I overlooked
I don’t know what to do now, baby, you got me so hooked
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

Well, I don’t want to brag, I’m gonna wring your neck When all else fails, I’ll make it a matter of self respect
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

You can take your clothes, put ‘em in a sack
You goin’ down the road, baby, and you can’t come back
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

I tried to be friendly, I tried to be kind
I’m gonna drive you from your home just like I was driven from mine
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

Living this way ain’t a natural thing to do Why was I born to love you?
Someday baby, you ain’t gon’ worry po’ me any more

There’s an evenin’ haze settlin’ over town Starlight by the edge of the creek
The buyin’ power of the proletariat’s gone down Money’s gettin’ shallow and weak
Well, the place I love best is a sweet memory
It’s a new path that we trod
They say low wages are reality
If we want to compete abroad

My cruel weapons have been put on the shelf
Come sit down on my knee
You are dearer to me than myself
As you yourself can see
Well, I’m listening to the steel rails a-hum Got both eyes tight shut
Just sitting here trying to keep the hunger from
Creeping its way into my gut

Meet me at the bottom, don’t lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the frontline
Sing a little bit of these workingman’s blues

Well, I’m sailin’ on back, ready for the long haul
Tossed by the winds and the seas
I’ll drag ‘em all down to hell and I’ll stand ‘em at the wall
I’ll sell ‘em to their enemies
I’m a-tryin’ to feed my soul with thought Gonna sleep off the rest of the day
Sometimes no one wants what we got
Sometimes you can’t give it away

Now the place is ringed with countless foes
Some of them may be deaf and dumb No man, no woman knows
The hour that sorrow will come
In the dark I hear the night birds call
I can feel a lover’s breath
I sleep in the kitchen with my feet in the hall
Sleep is like a temporary death

Meet me at the bottom, don’t lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the frontline
Sing a little bit of these workingman’s blues

Well, they burned my barn, and they stole my horse
I can’t save a dime
I got to be careful, I don’t want to be forced Into a life of continual crime
I can see for myself that the sun is sinking How I wish you were here to see Tell me now, am I wrong in thinking That you have forgotten me?

Now they worry and they hurry and they fuss and they fret
They waste your nights and days Them I will forget
But you I’ll remember always
Old memories of you to me have clung You’ve wounded me with your words
Gonna have to straighten out your tongue
It’s all true, everything you heard

Meet me at the bottom, don’t lag behind
Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the frontline
Sing a little bit of these workingman’s blues

In you, my friend, I find no blame
Wanna look in my eyes, please do No one can ever claim
That I took up arms against you
All across the peaceful sacred fields
They will lay you low
They’ll break your horns and slash you with steel
I say it so it must be so

Now I’m down on my luck and I’m black and blue
Gonna give you another chance
I’m all alone and I’m expecting you To lead me off in a cheerful dance
I got a brand new suit and a brand new wife I can live on rice and beans
Some people never worked a day in their life
Don’t know what work even means
Well, meet me at the bottom, don’t lag behind Bring me my boots and shoes
You can hang back or fight your best on the frontline Sing a little bit of these workingman’s blues

Beyond the horizon, behind the sun
At the end of the rainbow, life has only begun
In the long hours of twilight ‘neath the stardust above
Beyond the horizon, it is easy to love

I’m touched with desire What don’t I do?
Through flame and through fire
I’ll build my world around you

Beyond the horizon, in the springtime or fall
Love waits forever for one and for all

Beyond the horizon, across the divide
‘Round about midnight, we’ll be on the same side Down in the valley, the waters run cold
Beyond the horizon, someone prayed for your soul

My wretched heart’s pounding I felt an angel’s kiss
My memories are drowning
In mortal bliss

Beyond the horizon, at the end of the game
Every step that you take, I’m walking the same

Beyond the horizon, the night winds blow
The theme of a melody from many moons ago
The bells of St. Mary, how sweetly they chime
Beyond the horizon, I found you just in time

It’s dark and it’s dreary I been pleading in vain
I’m wounded, I’m weary
My repentance is plain

Beyond the horizon, o’er the treacherous sea
I still can’t believe that you have set aside your love for me

Beyond the horizon, ‘neath crimson skies
In the soft light of morning, I’ll follow you with my eyes
Through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone
Beyond the horizon, right down to the bone
It’s the right time of the season Someone there always cared There’s always a reason
Why someone’s life has been spared

Beyond the horizon, the sky is so blue
I’ve got more than a lifetime to live lovin’ you


Lost John’s sittin’ on a railroad track Something’s out of whack
Blues this mornin’ fallin’ down like hail
Gonna leave a greasy trail

Gon’ travel the world is what I’m gonna do Then come back and see you.
All I ever do is struggle and strive.
If I don’t do anybody any harm, I might make it back home alive.

I’m the oldest son of a crazy man,
I’m in a cowboy band
Got a pile of sins to pay for and I ain’t got time to hide
I’d walk through blazing fire, baby, if I knew you was on the other side

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o’er
Winter’s gone, the river’s on the rise I loved you then and ever shall
But there’s no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

Well, the world of research has gone berserk Too much paperwork
Albert’s in the graveyard, Frankie’s raising hell
I’m beginning to believe what the scriptures tell

I’ve gone where the Southern crosses the Yellow Dog
Get away from these demagogues
And these bad-luck women stick like glue
It’s either one or the other or neither of the two

She says, “Look out, daddy, don’t want you to tear your pants
You can get wrecked in this dance.”
They say whisky’ll kill you, but I don’t think it will
I’m ridin’ with you to the top of the hill

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o’er
Winter’s gone, the river’s on the rise I loved you then and ever shall
But there’s no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes
Don’t know why my baby never looked so good before Don’t have to wonder no more
She been cooking all day, gonna take me all night
I can’t eat all that stuff in a single bite

The judge’s coming in, everybody rise
Lift up your eyes
You can do what you please, you don’t need my advice
‘Fore you call me any dirty names, you’d better think twice

Gettin’ light outside, the temperature dropped I think the rain has stopped
I’m gonna make you come to grips with fate
When I’m through with you, you’ll learn to keep your business straight

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o’er
Winter’s gone, the river’s on the rise I loved you then and ever shall
But there’s no one left here to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes

The bright spark of the steady lights
Has dimmed my sights
When you’re around me all my grief gives ‘way
A life time with you is like some heavenly day

Everything I’ve ever known to be right has been proven wrong
I’ll be drifting along
The woman I’m a-lovin’, she rules my heart No knife could ever cut our love apart.

Today I’ll stand in faith and raise
The voice of praise
The sun is strong, I’m standing in the light
I wish to G-d that it were night

Oh, I miss you, Nettie Moore
And my happiness is o’er
Winter’s gone, the river’s on the rise I loved you then and ever shall
But there’s no one here left to tell
The world has gone black before my eyes


If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break, If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
Everybody say that this is the day only the Lord could make.

Well, I worked on the levee, mama, both night n’ day, I worked on the levee, mama, both night n’ day.
I got to the river and I threw my clothes away.

I paid my time and now I’m good as new, I’ve paid my time and now I’m as good as new.
They can’t take me back unless I want ‘em to.

If it keep on rainin’, levee gonna break,
If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
Some of these people gonna strip you of all they can take.

I can’t stop here, I ain’t ready to unload, I can’t stop here, I ain’t ready to unload.
Riches and salvation can be waiting behind the next bend in the road.

I picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks I get, I picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks I get.
You say you want me to quit ya, I told ya, ‘No, not just yet.’

Well, I look in your eyes, I see nobody other than me, I look in your eyes, I see nobody other than me.
I see all that I am and all I hope to be.

If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break, If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
Some of these people don’t know which road to take.

When I’m with you, I forget I was ever blue, When I’m with you, I forget I was ever blue.
Without you there’s no meaning in anything I do.

Some people on the road carryin’ everything that they own, Some people on the road carryin’ everything they own.
Some people got barely enough skin to cover their bone.

Put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress, Put on your cat clothes, mama, put on your evening dress.
Few more years of hard work, then there’ll be a 1,000 years of happiness.

If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break, If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
I tried to get you to love me, but I won’t repeat that mistake.

If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break, If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
Plenty of cheap stuff out there still around that you take.

I woke up this morning, buttered eggs in my bed, I woke up this morning, buttered eggs in my bed.
I ain’t got enough room to even raise my head.

Come back, baby, say we nevermore will part, Come back, baby, say we nevermore will part.
Don’t be a stranger with no brain or heart.

If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break, If it keep on rainin’, the levee gonna break.
Some people still sleepin’, some people are wide awake.


As I walked out tonight in the mystic garden,
The wounded flowers were dangling from the vine, I was passin’ by yon cool crystal fountain, Someone hit me from behind.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Through this weary world of woe.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
No one on earth would ever know.

They say prayer has the power to heal, so pray for me, mother.
In the human heart, an evil spirit will dwell.
I am a-tryin’ to love my neighbor and do good unto others, But oh, mother things ain’t goin’ well.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
I’ll burn that bridge before you can cross.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
There’ll be no mercy for you once you’ve lost.

Now I’m all worn down by weeping,
My eyes are filled with tears, my lips are dry. If I catch my opponents ever sleeping, I’ll just slaughter them where they lie.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Through the world mysterious and vague.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Walkin’ through the cities of the plague.

Well, the whole world is filled with speculation,
The whole wide world which people say is round.
They will tear your mind away from contemplation,
They will jump on your misfortune when you’re down.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Eatin’ hog-eyed grease in a hog-eyed town.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Some day you’ll be glad to have me around.


They will crush you with wealth and power Every waking moment you could crack.
I’ll make the most of one last extra hour,
I’ll avenge my father’s death when I step back.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Hand me down my walkin’ cane.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Got to get you out of my miserable brain.

All my loyal and my much-loved companions They approve of me and share my code
I practice a faith that’s been a long abandoned
Ain’t no altars on this long and lonesome road

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
My mule is sick, my horse is blind. Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Thinkin’ ‘bout that girl I left behind.

Well, it’s bright in the heavens and the wheels are flyin’, Fame and honor never seem to fade.
The fire gone out but the light is never dyin’.
Who says I can’t get heavenly aid?

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’ Carryin’ a dead man’s seal.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Walkin’ with a toothache in my heel.

The suffering is unending; Every nook and cranny has its tears. I’m not playing, I’m not pretending,
I’m not nursing any superfluous fears.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Walkin’ ever since the other night. Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Walkin’ ‘til I’m clean out of sight.

As I walked out in the mystic garden
On a hot summer day, a hot summer lawn.
Excuse me, ma’am, I beg your pardon:
There’s no one here, the gardener is gone.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Up the road, around the bend. Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
In the last outback at the world’s end.




As I walked out tonight in the mystic garden,
The wounded flowers were dangling from the vine, I was passin’ by yong cool and crystal fountain, Someone hit me from behind.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’ Through this weary world of woe.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’ No one on earth would ever know.

They say prayer has the power to heal, so pray for me, mother.
In the human heart, an evil spirit will dwell.
I’m tryin’ to love my neighbor and do good unto others, But oh, mother things ain’t goin’ well

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
I’ll burn that bridge before you get across.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
There’ll be no mercy for you once you’ve lost

I’m all worn out from weeping,
My eyes are full of tears and my lips are dry. If I ever catch my opponents sleeping, I’ll slaughter them where they lie.

Ain’t talkin’, just walkin’
Through a world mysterious and vague.
Heart burnin’, still yearnin’
Walkin’ through the cities of the plague.

The whole world is filled with speculation,
The whole world which people say is round
I've got no time for idle conversation I need to find a doctor in this town

Ain't talking, just walking
All rails leading to the west
Heart burning, still yearning
I'm gonna throw myself upon your loving breast

It's the first new day of a grand and a glorious Autumn
The queen of love is coming across the grass
None dare call her anything but madam
No one flirts with her or even makes a pass

Ain't talking, just walking
Standing outside the gates of wrath
Heart burning, still yearning
Take a little trip down the primrose path

I got the worst old feeling and it's getting stronger
I'm worn out with public service, I'm beginning to crack
I won't stay on any longer
I'll avenge my father's death then I'll step back

Ain't talking, just walking
Hand me down my walking cane
Heart burning, still yearning
Trying to get you out of my miserable brain

As I walked out tonight in the mystic garden
The wounded flowers were dangling from the vine
I was passing by yong cool and crystal fountain Someone hit me from behind

Ain't talking, just walking
You ride 'em high and down you go
Heart burning, still yearning
No one on earth will ever know




In the lonely night
In the stardust of a pale blue light
I think of you in black and white When we were made of dreams

I walk alone through the shaking street
Listening to my heart beat
In the record-breaking heat
When we were born in time

Just when I thought
You were gone, you came back
Just when I was ready To receive you

You were smooth, you were rough You were more than enough Oh babe, why did I ever leave you? Or grieve you?

On the rising curve
Where the ways of nature will test every nerve
I took you close and got what I deserved When we were born in time

Just when I knew
Who to thank, you went blank
Just when the firelight Was gleaming

You were snow, you were rain
You were striped, you were plain Oh babe, could it be that you were scheming? Or was I dreaming?

In the hills of mystery
In the foggy web of destiny
You're still so deep inside of me When we were born in time


In the lonely night
In the smoking stardust of a pale blue light
You're standing there in black and white Where we were made of dreams

I walk alone through the shaky streets
Listening to my heart beat
In the record-breaking heat
Where we were born in time

Just when I thought
You were gone, you came back
Just when I knew It was for certain

You were high, you were low
You were so easy to know
Oh babe, now it's time to raise the curtain I'm hurting

Up on the rising curve Where the ways of nature will test every nerve
Took me in and I got what I deserved Where we were born in time

Just when I knew
Who to thank, you went blank
Just when the home-fires Start smoking

You were snow, you were rain
You were striped, you were plain
Oh babe, truer words have not been spoken Or broken

In the hills of mystery
In the foggy web of destiny
You're still so deep inside of me
Where we were born in time


Oh the evening train is rolling
All along the homeward way
All my hopes are over the horizon
All my dreams have gone away
The hillside darkly shaded
Stars fall from above
All the joys of earth have faded
The night's untouched my love
I'll be here 'til tomorrow
Beneath a shroud of grey
I pretend I'm free of sorrow
My heart is miles away
The dead bells are ringing
My train is overdue
To your memory I'm clinging I can't escape from you

Well I hear the sound of thunder
Roaring loud and long
Sometimes you've got to wonder
God knows I've done no wrong
You've wasted all your power
You threw out the Christmas pie
Now you're withering like a flower
You'll play the fool and die
I'm neither sad nor sorry
I'm all dressed up in black
I fought for fame and glory You tried to break my back
In the far off sweet forever
The sunshine peeking through
We should have walked together I can't escape from you

I cannot grasp the shadows
That gather near the door
Rain falls round my window
I wish I'd seen you more
The path is ever-winding
The stars they never age
The morning light is blinding
All the world's a stage
Should be the time of gladness
Happy faces everywhere
The mystery of madness
Is propagating in the air
I don't like the city
Not like some folks do
Isn't it a pity
I can't escape from you

We ploughed the fields of heaven
Right down to the end
I hope I can be forgiven
If any words of mine offend
All our days were splendid
They were simple, they were plain
It never should have ended
I should have kissed you in the rain
I've been thinking things all over
All the moments full of grace
The primrose and the clover
Your ever-changing face
Can't help looking at you
You made love with god-knows-who
Never found a gal to match you
I can't escape from you



I can't wait
Wait for you to change your mind
I can't wait
Waiting just making me go blind
Do you ever lay awake at night
Your face turned to the wall
Drowning in your thoughtlessness
And cut off from it all
I don't know
Maybe for you it's not that late
But as for me
Don't know how much longer I can wait

It's got to end
Everything about it just feels wrong
I pretend
Being close to her is where I don't belong
Well my back is to the sun
Because the light is too intense
I can see what everybody In the world is up against
I'll stay here
Where I can feel the hand of fate
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait

Skies are grey
Life is short and I think of her a lot
I can't say
If I want the pain to end or not
Well the blindness overtaking me
Is beating like a drum
I don't know where it starts Or where it's coming from
That's how it is
Well, try to concentrate
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait

I been drinking
Drinking forbidden juices
I can't wait
Wait for you to change your mind
I can't wait
For you to walk the line
You ever feel just like your brain
Been bolted to the wall
That you're drowning in your thoughtlessness And cut off from it all

I don't know
Maybe for you it's not that late
But as for me
I don't know how much longer I can wait

It's got to end
Everything about it just feels wrong
I'll pretend
Being close to her is where I don't belong

Well my back is to the sun
Because the light is too intense
I can see what everybody In the world is up against
That's how it is
When things disintegrate
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait

Skies are grey
Life is short and I think of her a lot
Every day
I can't say whether I want the pain to even end or not
Well I'm trying my best
To stand on my own two feet
Not have to lean on
Everybody that I meet
I'm breathing hard
I'm trying to concentrate
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait

I'm torn and I'm tattered
I been rolling through the stormy weather
I been living
Living on lame excuses

My hands are cold
The end of time has just begun
I'm getting old
Anything can happen now to anyone
I walk across the floor
'Til I wear out my shoes
You think you've lost it all
There's always more to lose
I’m so clear
She can keep my head on straight
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait


My heart's been shattered
But I'm holding all the parts of it together

My hands are cold
The end of time has just begun
I'm getting old
Anything can happen now to anyone
Loneliness around me
Digging in me like a rake
What a piece of work she is To cause my heart to break
I thought somehow
That I'd be spared this fate
And I don't know
How much longer I can wait


Fat man looking in a Ferris wheel
Yellow man looking in his last meal
Hollow man looking in a cottonfield For dignity

Wise man looking in a blade of grass
Young man looking in the days that pass
Poor man looking through painted glass For dignity

Dignity is a woman that knows
Dignity moves like a tropical wind that blows
Into the cities, into the towns
Into the land of the midnight sun

I'm searching high, I'm searching low
Searching everywhere I know Asking the cops wherever I go Have you seen dignity?

Drunk man listens to a voice he hears
In a crowded room full of covered-up mirrors
Looking into the lost, forgotten years For dignity

Don Juan was talking to Don Miguel
Standing outside of the gates of hell
There ain't nothing to say, it ain't nothing to tell About dignity

Dignity is a woman unspoiled
By fame and greed and snakes that are coiled In the damp woods, on the river's edge Near the green, green grass of home

Pull into the platform, step off the train
Walk thirty steps, it begins to rain I'm asking somebody with water on his brain Have you seen dignity?

Cities in a mess of jackhammer beats
Buses roll by with burned-out seats
A child's eyes look through the creeping streets
For dignity

Prince Phillip was talking to Miss Mary Lou
She said don't let nobody see me talking to you She's afraid to tell him what she knew About dignity

Dignity is a woman that's light
She don't tease, she don't travel at night
Dignity is a woman that bleeds Like the hot Egyptian sun

I'm looking east, looking west
See people cursed, see people blessed Asking everybody like a man possessed Have you seen dignity?

Blind man breaking out of a trance
Puts both of his hands in the pockets of chance
Hoping to find one circumstance Of dignity

Englishman stranded in the blackheart wind Combing his hair back, his future looks thin
Bites the bullet and he looks within For dignity

Somebody showed me a picture and I just laughed
Dignity never been photographed
Dignity got no starting-point
No beginning, no middle, no end

Looking at a glass that's half-filled
Looking at a dream that's just been killed Asking everybody that's strong-willed Have you seen dignity?



The light in this place is really bad
Like being at the bottom of a stream
Any minute now
I'm expecting to wake up from a dream
Means so much
The softest touch
Like the grave of some child,
Who neither wept or smiled
I pondered my fate in the rain

I've been dreaming of you
That's all I do
And it's driving me insane

Somewhere dawn is breaking
Light is streaking across the floor
Church-bells are ringing
I wonder who they're ringing for
Travel under any star
You'll see me wherever you are
The shadowy past
Is so vague and so vast
I'm sleeping in the palace of pain

I've been dreaming of you
That's all I do
But it's driving me insane

Maybe they'll get me, maybe they won't
But whatever it won't be tonight
I wish your hand was in mine right now We could go where the moon is white
For years they had me locked in a cage
Then they threw me onto the stage
Some things just last longer than you thought they would And they never ever explain

I've been dreaming of you
That's all I do
And it's driving me insane

Well I eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry
Live my life on the square
Even if the flesh falls off my face
It won't matter, long as you're there
Feel like a ghost in love
Underneath the heavens above
Feel further away than I ever did before Feel further I can take

Dreamin’ of you
Is all I do
But it's driving me insane

Everything in the way is so shiny today
In queer and unusual form
Spirals of golden haze here and there in a blaze Like beams of light in a storm
Maybe you were here and maybe you weren't
Maybe you touched somebody and got burnt
The silent sun has got me on the run Burning a hole in my brain

I'm dreamin’ of you
That's all I do
But it's driving me insane



Well I wandered alone through a desert of stone
And I dreamt of my future wife
My sword's in my hand and I'm next in command
In this version of death called life
My plate and my cup are right straight up
I took a rose from the hand of a child
When I kiss your lips, the honey drips
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

Every day we meet on any old street
And you're in your girlish prime
The short and the tall are coming to the ball
I go there all the time
Behind every tree, there's something to see
The river is wider than a mile
I tried you twice, you can't be nice
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

Here come the nurse with money in her purse
Here come the ladies and men
You push it all in and you've no chance to win
You play 'em on down to the end
I'm laying in the sand, getting a sunshine tan
Moving along, riding in style
From my toes to my head, you knock me dead I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

I count the years and I shed no tears
I'm blinded to what might have been
Nature's voice makes my heart rejoice
Play me the wild song of the wind
I found hopeless love in the room above
When the sun and the weather were mild
You're as fine as wine, I ain't handing you no line I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

All the merry little elves can go hang themselves
My faith is as cold as can be
I'm stacked high to the roof and I'm not without proof
If you don't believe me, come see
You think I'm blue, I think so too
In my words, you'll find no guile
The game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold
And I'm gonna have to put you down for a while

The game's gotten old, the deck's gone cold
I'm gonna have to put you down for a while


Well I'm sitting in church
In an old wooden chair
I knew nobody
Would look for me there
Sorrow and pity
Rule the earth and the skies
Looking for nothing Anyone's eyes

Once I had pretty girls
Did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

Snowflakes are falling
Around my head
Lord have mercy
It feel heavy like lead
I been hit too hard
Seen too much
Nothing can heal me now But your touch

Once I had a pretty girl
She done me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

Loneliness
Got a mind of its own
The more people around The more you feel alone
I'm chained to the earth
Like a silent slave
Trying to break free
Out of death's dark cave

Once I had a pretty girl
Done me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

Boys in the street
Beginning to play
Girls like birds
Flying away
Loneliness
Got a mind of its own
More people around More you feel alone
I've been chained to the earth
Like a silent slave
I'm trying to break free
Out of death's dark cave

Once I had a pretty girl
She did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city, boys And the road ain't long

I was hoping to my soul
That we'd never part
You took all the madness
Right out of my heart
I was hoping we could drink from
Life's clear streams
I was hopning we could dream from Life's busy dreams

Once I had a pretty girl
She did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city, boys And the road ain't long

My house is burning
Up to the sky
I thought it would rain
But the clouds passed by
Sorrow and pity
Rule the earth and the skies
I'm not looking for nothing In anyone's eyes

Once I had a pretty girl
She did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city, boys And the road ain't long

Wind is blowing
All troubles and dirt It's time to get away
Or someone gets hurt
I'm carrying the roses
That were given to me
And I'm thinking about paradise Wondering what it might be

Once I had a pretty girl
She done me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

Go over to London
Maybe gay Paris
Follow the river
You get to the sea
I was hoping we could drink from
Life's clear streams
I was hoping we could dream Life's pleasant dreams

Once I had a pretty girl
But she done me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

Well the weak get weaker
And the strong stay strong
The train keeps rolling
All night long
She looked at me
With an irresistible glance
With a smile
That could make all the planets dance

Once I had a pretty girl
She did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city And the road ain't long

My house is on fire
Burning to the skies
I thought the rain clouds
But the clouds passed by
When I'm gone
You'll remember my name
I'm gonna win my way To wealth and fame

Once I had a pretty girl
But she did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city
And the road ain't long
I just don't know
What I'm a-gonna do
I was all right
'Til I fell in love with you

Once I had a pretty girl
She did me wrong
Now I'm marchin’ to the city, boys
And the road ain't long



I'm standing in the shadows with an aching heart
I'm looking at the world tear itself apart
Minutes turn to hours, hours turn to days I'm still loving you in a million ways

Well the devil's in the alley, there's a mule kicking in my stall
Say anything you want to, I have heard it all
I was raised in the country, I been working in town I been in trouble ever since I set my suitcase down

Well I ain't got nothing for you, I had nothing before
Don't even have anything for myself anymore
The sky's full of fire, pain is pouring down
There's nothing you can sell me, I'll see you around

Well, I got here following the southern star
I crossed that river just to be where you are
There's only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well I been loving you too long, I know you ain't no good
It don't make a bit of difference to me, don't see why it should
I was thinking about the things that Rosie said I was dreaming I was sleeping in Rosie's bed

Well I'm walking through the leaves falling from the trees
I feel like a stranger nobody sees
So many things we never will undo I know you're sorry, I'm sorry too

Some people will offer you their hand and some won't
Last night I knew you, tonight I don't
I need something strong to distract my mind I'm gonna look at you 'til my eyes go blind

Well everybody's moving, god knows where
But I'm still here and you're still there
Only one thing I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long

Well my ship's been split to splinters and it's sinking fast
I'm drowning in the poison, got no future, got no past
But my heart is not weary, it's light and it's free
I got nothing but affection for those who have sailed with me

Winter goes into summer, summer goes into fall
I look into the mirror, don't see anything at all
Stick with me baby, stick with me anyhow
Things should start to get interesting right about now

My clothes are wet, tight on my skin
Not as tight as the corner that I painted myself in
I know that fortune is waiting to be kind
So give me your hand and say you'll be mine

The emptiness is endless, cold as the clay
You can always come back, but you can't come back all the way
Only one thing that I did wrong
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long



Some of us turn off the lights and we live
In the moonlight shooting by
Some of us scare ourselves to death in the dark To be where the angels fly

Pretty maids all in a row lined up
Outside my cabin door
I've never wanted any of  'em wanting me Except the girl from the red river shore

Well I sat by her side and for a while I tried
To make that girl my wife
She gave me her best advice and she said Go home and lead a quiet life

Well I been to the east and I been to the west
And I been out where the black winds roar
Somehow though I never did get that far With the girl from the red river shore

Well I knew when I first laid eyes on her
I could never be free
One look at her and I knew right away She should always be with me

Well the dream dried up a long time ago
Don't know where it is anymore
True to life, true to me
Was the girl from the red river shore

Well I'm wearing the cloak of misery
And I've tasted jilted love
And the frozen smile upon my face Fits me like a glove

Well I can't escape from the memory
Of the one I'll always adore
All those nights when I lay in the arms Of the girl from the red river shore

Well we're living in the shadows of a fading past
Trapped in the fires of time
I've tried not to ever hurt anybody
And to stay out of the life of crime

And when it's all been said and done
I never did know the score
One more day is another day away
From the girl from the red river shore

Well I'm a stranger here in a strange land
But I know this is where I belong
I'll ramble and gamble for the one I love And the hills will give me a song

Though nothing looks familiar to me
I know I've stayed here before
Once a thousand nights ago
With the girl from the red river shore

Well I went back to see about her once
Went back to straighten it out
Everybody that I talked to had seen us there
Said they didn't know who I was talking about

Well the sun went down on me a long time ago
I've had to pull back from the door
I wish I could have spent every hour of my life With the girl from the red river shore

Now I heard of a guy who lived a long time ago
A man full of sorrow and strife
That if someone around him died and was dead He knew how to bring 'em on back to life

Well I don't know what kind of language he used
Or if they do that kind of thing anymore
Sometimes I think nobody ever saw me here at all
Except the girl from the red river shore




I don't care what you do, don't care what you say
Don't care where you go, or how long you stay
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

You take my money and you turn me out
You fill me up with self-doubt
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

You made me eat a ton of dust
You're potentially dangerous, and not worthy of trust
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

Little by little, bit by bit
Every day I'm becoming more of a hypocrite
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

You've got my mind tied up in knots
I just keep recycling the same old thoughts
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

When I heard you was cold, I bought you a coat and hat
I think you must have forgotten about that
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

Gonna blow out your mind, and make you pure I've taken about as much of this as I can endure
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

You put me down from a ??? creek
That's all right, to you I turn the other cheek
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

You say you need me, how would I know?
You say you love me, but it can't be so
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

I don't want to brag, but I'll wring your neck
When all else fails, I'll make it a matter of self-respect
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more

Living this way ain't a natural thing to do Why was I born to love you?
Someday baby, you ain't gonna worry poor me any more


Written by Bob Dylan and Jim James

Down on the bottom
Down to the last drop in the cup
Down on the bottom
No place to go but up

Always been in trouble
Nearly all my life
Always been in trouble
Struggle, scorn and strife

Go find me my bluebird
Flying so high up above Go find me my bluebird
Go find me somebody to love



Written by Bob Dylan and Elvis Costello

Five in the morning, she would fix my lunch
Put it in a paper sack
Where I’m headed, I always appreciate it
But I’d rather stay married to my hack

I move like the breeze, and the birds and the bees
That I’ve never been known to look back
I got fifteen women and all of them swimming
But I’d rather stay married to my hack

I move fifteen miles every minute, I’m all smiles
I shoot by my sister’s shack
She’s got some friend who waves at men, a fine little hen
But I’d rather stay married to my hack

I got twelve-wheel drive and an oversized hive
And air-cooled brakes in the back
Candy McGraft’s always good for a laugh
But I’d rather stay married to my hack

I got a pedal to hit and an engine that won’t quit
And a carburetor that won’t crack
Maureen and Milly, they’re a little silly
But there’s nothing that they do lack

I got loose-eyed ladies who never seen a man
Just waiting around the back
Gimme a bottle or someone to throttle
Cause I’d rather stay married to my hack


Written by Bob Dylan, Marcus Mumford and Taylor Goldsmith

I listen to you time and time again
While you tell me just what’s right
And you tell me a thousand things a day
Then sleep somewhere’s else at night
I’m going back to Kansas City

And I love you dear, but just how long
Can I keep singing the same old song
And I love you dear, but just how long
Can I keep singing the same old song
I’m going back to Kansas City

And you call me to come, then I do
And you say you made some mistake
You invite me into your house
Then you say you gotta pay for what you break
I’m going back to Kansas City

Gypsy woman, you know every place I go
Even a thousand miles away from home
You don’t care if I’m asleep or I’m awake
This fickle heart just turn to stone
I’m going back to Kansas City


Written by Bob Dylan and Rhiannon Giddens

There were three sailors, bold and true
With cargo they did carry
They sailed away on the ocean blue
For the love of Spanish Mary

So deeply now were they disturbed
No longer could they tarry
Swoon and swerve
For the love of Spanish Mary

In Kingston town of high degree
The buffoon, the fool, the fairy
All paid the dues and inquired to me
For the love of Spanish Mary

Beggar man, beggar man tell me no lie
Is it a mystery to live or is it a mystery to die

I seek ye not to ask of you
It was in Kingston town indeed
It is said they stopped but not for greed
But for the love of Spanish Mary

I remember well, they came one day
The buffoon, the fool, the fairy
They asked of me what could I say
For the love of Spanish Mary

‘Tis not of me to talk absurd
No rumor do I carry
No, I’ll not give you one word
But for the love of Spanish Mary



Written by Bob Dylan and Taylor Goldsmith

He came from the old religion
But possessed no magic skill
Descending from machinery
He left nothing in his will
The crops are failing
The women wailing
It’s in the paper at your feet
Six months in Kansas City
Down on Liberty Street

It was sad to see it
That little lady going in
Arrested for arson
Once they’d asked her where she’d been
Down on her knees
Not even a breeze
Another victim of the heat
Six months in Kansas City
Down on Liberty Street

Things sure don’t look too pretty
Cause a man to rob and steal
I got a full six more months out here
Can’t be begging for my meals
Now look here Baby Snooks
Doesn’t matter what books
You keep underneath your seat
Six months in Kansas City
Down on Liberty Street


Written by Bob Dylan and Jim James

Well I knew I was young enough
And I knew there was nothing to it
‘cause I’d already seen it done enough
And I knew there was nothing to it

There was no organization I wanted to join
So I stayed by myself and took out a coin
There I sat with my eyes in my hand
Just contemplating killing a man

(For greed was one thing I just couldn’t stand)
If I was you I’d put back what I took
A guilty man’s got a guilty look
Heads I will and tails I won’t
As long as the call be won’t be my own

Well you don’t have to turn your pockets inside out
But I’m sure you can give me something
Well you don’t have to go into your bank account
But I’m sure you can give me something

Well I knew I was young enough
And I knew there was nothing to it
‘cause I’d already seen it done enough
And I knew there was nothing to it




Written by Bob Dylan and Elvis Costello

They say that today makes up for what yesterday lacked
And it must be some old day and that is a fact
Can’t talk to nobody, don’t know just how they’ll react
Weigh the silver and gold
Be precise and exact

How can today make up for yesterday
For it we break up, I guess you would stay

Buffalo Bill wouldn’t have known what to do
If he got a just one look, just one good look at you
And I don’t know what to do either
Just want to tell you it’s neither
Tom said “Don’t take her”, Judas said “Leave her”

How can today make up for yesterday
For if we break up, I guess you would stay

So Golden Tom said to poor Silver Judas
“It’s so hard to say who’s the worst of the two of us
So don’t brood
There’s no fraud in this feud
I don’t know, I don’t know, I don’t know what to do”

How can today make up for yesterday
For it we break up, I wish you would stay



Written by Bob Dylan, Marcus Mumford and Taylor Goldsmith

When I set my eyes on you
Gonna keep you outta town at night
When I set my eyes on you
Not gonna be outta my sight

And now you know
Everywhere on Earth you go
You’re gonna have me as your man

When I get my hands on you
Gonna make you carry me
When I get my hands on you
Gonna make you marry me

And now you know
Everywhere on Earth you go
You’re gonna have me as your man

When I come home to you
Gonna take you down to the riverside
When I come home to you
Hold you in my arms all night

And now you know
Everywhere on Earth you go
You’re gonna have me as your man


Written by Bob Dylan and Rhiannon Giddens

Fill up the glasses and take your stand
Tip your hat to the world
Button up the bowtie and dance around
Once again with the fat Hawaiian girl

Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side
Nobody walks between them
Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side Has anybody seen them?

Freighter man, freighter man
Which way’s that freighter gonna run tonight
Will it take me down to Jacksonville
Or just leave me be wherever it seems right

Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side
Nobody walks between them
Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side Has anybody seen them?

So fill up the glasses and take your stand
Tip your hat to the world
Button up the bowtie and dance all around
Once again with the fat Hawaiian girl

Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side
Nobody walks between them
Duncan and Jimmy walk side by side Has anybody seen them?




Written by Bob Dylan and Taylor Goldsmith

Miami woman so fine and fair
I try and try but I can’t get anywhere
I sail out under the sun
Looking for my darling, my only one
I sail all day, and when the day is done
She’s still the one I want to see
I must find that Florida Key

Collins Avenue, Fifth Street and Main
I walk up and down but it’s all in vain
My only darling is gone
Took everything and put it out on the lawn
And Jim came and got it and he gave it to John
It’s getting harder and harder to be me
I must find that Florida Key

Just standing on the curb watching for boats
While them boys and girls pass by on their big silver goats
I’m getting out while the getting is good
In my ship of steel or in my ship of wood
One more time I’m gonna do just like I should
See, this could only happen to me
I must find that Florida Key

Need a little sunshine in my beer
Thinking ‘bout eloping
Nothing’s locked, never will be
Everything is open

There’s only one thing that lurks in my mind
It’s nothing here, nothing I’ve left behind
There’s something up front, something I hope to find
I’m gonna set sail again tonight
Round the horn and in the clear moonlight
Or at least I’m sure it’s going to be
Soon as I find my Florida Key


#11 - written by Bob Dylan and Jim James
#16 - written by Bob Dylan, Rhiannon Giddens and Elvis Costello

How could she reject me
Send me on my way
How could she suspect me
Of leading her astray

I met her accidentally
And I asked to see her home
She told me she wouldn’t mind
And we commenced to roam

Hidee Hidee Ho (making love wherever we go)
Hidee Hidee Hee (making love just you and me)
Hidee Hidee Hoo (making love just me and you)

I took out my pen knife
And showed it at this rake
He looked at me as if to say
You’re making a mistake

I do not frighten easily
Yet no weapon I possess
No matter what you thinkin’, son
You better second guess

Hidee Hidee Ho (making love wherever we go)
Hidee Hidee Hee (making love just you and me)
Hidee Hidee Hoo (making love just me and you)

Hidee Hidee Ho (making love on the highway bump)
Hidee Hidee Hee (making love in a pile of rope)
Hidee Hidee Hoo (making love on the driveway ramp)





The tears of a lonely man are hidden within
As he moves from one woman to the next, his spirit grows thin
When he falls in love with one, it’s hard but it’s true
But it’s oh so much harder when that woman is you

The leaves on the trees shake when the storm clouds appear
Just as I shake up inside when I follow you here
At your invitation to come to you, dear

I got lost on the river, but I got found
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t drown
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t go down
I got lost on the river, but I got found

I looked at the graze of blue where the light begins
Through the glass where the rays shot through caressing your skin
Like your invitation to follow you in

I got lost on the river, but I got found
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t drown
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t go down
I got lost on the river, but I got found


The tears of a woman are hidden within
As she moves from one to the next, her spirit grows thin
And when she falls in love with one, it’s hard but it’s true But it’s oh so much harder when that man is you

I got lost on the river, but I got found
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t drown

One stormy day I was out at sea
The waves they rolled and tumbled over me
I spied dry land and a tall pale tree
I knew that soon that’s where I’d like to be

My sweetheart left me for another one
And now I wait for the next rising sun

I got lost on the river, but I got found
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t drown
I got lost on the river, but I didn’t go down I got lost on the river, but I got found



Written by Bob Dylan and Marcus Mumford

Never fall in love with a stranger
And that, son, they all said to me
And never fall in love with a stranger
But I can’t help it if she falls in love with me

And never fall in love with a stranger
Now, they’ve gone against my command
And never fall in love with a stranger
The pain is written in my hands

But if I can’t resist
Find my way outta this

She knows that our love more than any river flows
And I’m done now, all of my intentions are exposed
Not hidden in my clothes
Or in between my toes

I wanna tombstone pearl handle revolver
Don’t wanna meet a pale man with a halo in his hair
Never fall in love with a stranger
But sometimes I simply do not care

And if I can’t resist
Get my way outta this

She knows that our love more than any river flows
And I’m done now, all of my intentions are exposed
Not hidden in my clothes
Or in between my toes

I done things right, pretty much all of my life
I’m not looking for any sympathy
I can run all I like away from that stranger
But somehow she’ll always follow me



Written by Bob Dylan and Taylor Goldsmith

There are many kinds of fish that swim in the sea
There’s others that swim in the dark
And of those troupers and trouts and dolphins and whales
The one you must watch is the shark

Card shark (yes, m’am)
Get ‘m in the nose
That ol’ card shark

Now I sat me down to have some fun
I jumped in the tank for a spell
I boogalooed in the bunkhouse and saw some bandits on the run
I went down to get water from the well

Card shark (yes, m’am)
Get ‘m in the nose
That ol’ card shark

Now set ‘m up, Samba
Sit on it awhile
Toss in the towel and have a kick
Stick it in the rear and roar for a bit
And waddle down the road like a brick

Card shark (yes, m’am)
Get ‘m in the nose
That ol’ card shark



Written by Bob Dylan and Jim James

Quick like a flash, we got to border that bus
Go down on the hump and screw it
We don’t need your opinions take a look at us
When we find something good, we’re true to it

Revenge is sweet when we take a trip or two
Put ol’ Peter in the pocket
Then pull in or out and paint ‘em blue
Put a bow tie on ‘em, and sock it

Quick like a flash
Quick like a flash
Quick like a flash

Crossharp’s coming just once that’s all
Oh baby, wontcha please come use him
Gang up on the punk and a big checker haul
Poor little punk, don’t bruise him

Quick like a flash, we got to border that bus
Go down on the hump and screw it
We don’t need your opinions take a look at us
When we find something good, we’re true to it

Quick like a flash
Quick like a flash
Quick like a flash




Written by Bob Dylan and Taylor Goldsmith

If I ever get back to St. Louis again,
There’s gonna be some changes made
I’m gonna find old Alice and right away where I left off
It’s gonna be just as if I stayed

That old organ grinder’s gonna wind his box
And the knife sharpener’s gonna sing
When I get back to St. Louis again I’m gonna buy that diamond ring

Diamond Ring
Diamond Ring
Shine like gold
Behold that diamond ring

If I ever get back to St. Louis again
Everybody’s gonna smile
One of the Mack girls dragged me up to Washington I got stuck there for a while

She gave me more misery than a man can hold
And I took her bad advice
Now I don’t aim to bother anyone I have paid that awful price

Diamond Ring
Diamond Ring
Shine like gold
Behold that diamond ring

If ever I get back to St. Louis again
That diamond ring’ is gonna shine
That old burlesque dancer is gonna bum around
And everything’s gonna be fine

I’m gonna settle up my accounts with lead
And leave the rest up to the law
Then I’m gonna marry the one I love And head out for Wichita

Diamond Ring
Diamond Ring
Shine like gold
Behold that diamond ring
Written by Bob Dylan and Marcus Mumford

The whistle is blowing, and the train is going
Just what’s gonna happen next, well, I’m not one to say I’m sitting here yearning while those wheels keep turning
“I’ll be gone by tonight,” she told me today

And next door to the cornstalk, by the side of this sheet rock
I will wait for the morning like a dog in the moon

Blow, blow on
Blow, blow on

Oh the minutes go slow now, and I hope it don’t snow now
‘cause it’s quiet and still and that train’s out of sight
All we need is a fat storm to blow by the platform
Oh dear me, that woman, that woman’s always right

Blow, blow on
Blow, blow on

Blow, blow on
Blow, blow on

The whistle is blowing, and the train is going
Just what’s gonna happen next, well, I’m not the one to say




Written by Bob Dylan and Elvis Costello

I see by the papers that
He came from the old religion but possessed no magic skill
Descending from machinery, he left nothing from his will

Thank you for not helping me out
For not treating me like a fool
If you didn’t lay me on a cold mattress at night
I might be kicking more than your mule

Crops are failing, women are wailing

Six months in Kansas City
(Can’t find no room and board)
Six months in Kansas City
(What can lead to that kind of reward?)
Six months in Kansas City
(All my good friends in jail lost out)
Six months in Kansas City
(Some who ain’t got no bail bust out)
Six months in Kansas City
But they find the track and make you come back
Six months in Kansas City
(Down on your knees, not even a breeze, ain’t it a pity?)
Six months in Kansas City

Well here now Baby Snooks
It don’t matter how many books you got underneath your thumb
Descended from machinery
You’ve got nothing left to come

Thank you for not helping me out
For not treating me like a fool
If you didn’t lay me on a cold mattress at night
I might be kicking more than your mule

Crops are failing, women are wailing

Six months in Kansas City
(Woe! Can’t be begging for no last meal)
Six months in Kansas City
(Cause a man to rob and steal)
Six months in Kansas City
(All my good friends confounded, indeed)
Six months in Kansas City
(Some lost and some drown and some turn to greed)
Six months in Kansas City
(Some wake one day and they’ve made them king)
Six months in Kansas City
(Make a man ready to do anything) Six months in Kansas City
(Things sure don’t look too pretty )
Six months in Kansas City
(Are you ready?)
Six months in Kansas City
(Are you ready?)
Six months in Kansas City
(Are ready to admit defeat)
Six months in Kansas City
(Take your place down on Liberty Street) Six months in Kansas City



Today and tomorrow and yesterday too
The flowers are dyin’ like all things do
Follow me close, I’m going to Bally-na-lee
I’ll lose my mind if you don’t come with me
I fuss with my hair and I fight blood feuds
I contain multitudes

Got a tell-tale heart like Mr. Poe
Got skeletons in the walls of people you know
I’ll drink to the truth and to things we said
I’ll drink to the man that shares your bed
I paint landscapes and I paint nudes
I contain multitudes

Red Cadillac and a black moustache
Rings on my fingers that sparkle and flash
Tell me what’s next, what shall we do?
Half my soul, baby, belongs to you
I rollick and I frolic with all the young dudes
I contain multitudes

I’m just like Anne Frank, like Indiana Jones
And them British bad boys, the Rolling Stones
I go right to the edge, I go right to the end
I go right where all things lost are made good again

I sing the songs of experience like William Blake I have no apologies to make Everything’s flowing all at the same time I live on a boulevard of crime
I drive fast cars and I eat fast foods
I contain multitudes

Pink pedal pushers, red blue jeans
All the pretty maids and all the old queens
All the old creeds from all my past lives
I carry four pistols and two large knives
I’m a man of contradictions, I’m a man of many moods
I contain multitudes

You greedy old wolf, I’ll show you my heart
But not all of it, only the hateful part
I’ll sell ya down the river and put a price on your head
What more can I tell ya? I sleep with life and death in the same bed

Get lost, madam, get up off my knee Keep your mouth away from me I’ll keep the path open, the path in my mind
I see to it that there’s no love left behind
I play Beethoven’s sonatas, Chopin’s preludes
I contain multitudes

Another day that don’t end – another ship goin’ out
Another day of anger, bitterness, and doubt
I know how it happened – I saw it begin
I opened my heart to the world and the world came in

Hello Mary Lou – Hello Miss Pearl
My fleet-footed guides from the underworld
No stars in the sky shine brighter than you
You girls mean business and I do too

Well, I’m the enemy of treason – a ‘enemy of strife
I’m the enemy of the unlived meaningless life
I ain’t no false prophet – I just know what I know
I go where only the lonely can go

I’m first among equals – second to none
The last of the best – you can bury the rest
Bury ’em naked with their silver and gold
Put ’em six feet under and a-pray for their soul

What are you lookin’ at – there’s nothing to see
Just a cool breeze that’s encircling me
Let’s go for a walk in the garden – so far and so wide
We can sit in the shade by the fountain side

I searched the world over for the Holy Grail
I sing songs of love – I sing songs of betrayal Don’t care what I drink – I don’t care what I eat
I climbed a mountain of swords on my bare feet

You don’t know me darlin’ – ya never would guess
I’m nothing like my ghostly appearance would suggest I ain’t no False Prophet – I just said what I said
I’m just here to bring vengeance on somebody’s head

Put out your hand – there’s nothin’ to hold
Open your mouth – I’ll stuff it with gold
Oh you poor Devil – look up if you will
The City of God is there on the hill

Hello stranger – Hello and goodbye
You rule the land, but so do I
Ya lusty old mule – you got a poisoned brain
I’ll marry you to a ball and chain

You know darlin’ the kind of life that I live
When your smile meets my smile – a-somethings got to give
I ain’t no false prophet – no, I’m nobody’s bride
Can’t remember when I was born and I forgot when I died

All through the summers, into January
I've been visiting morgues and monasteries
Looking for the necessary body parts
Limbs and livers and brains and hearts
I'll bring someone to life, is what I wanna do
I'm gonna create my own version of you

Well, it must be the winter of my discontent
I wish you’d a-taken me with you wherever you went
They talk all night and they talk all day
Not for a minute, do I believe anything they say
I'm gonna bring someone to life, someone I've never seen
You know what I mean, you know exactly what I mean

I'll take the Scarface Pacino & the Godfather Brando
Mix it up in a tank and get a robot commando
If I do it up right and put the head on straight
I'll be saved by the creature that I create

I'll get blood from a cactus, gunpowder from ice
I don't gamble with cards and I don't shoot no dice Can you look in my face with your sightless eye? Can you cross your heart and hope to die?
I'll bring someone to life, someone for real
Someone who feels the way that I feel

I study Sanskrit and Arabic to improve my mind
I wanna do things for the benefit of all mankind
I say to the willow tree, "Don't weep for me"
I'm saying the hell to all things that used to be

Well, I get into trouble, then I hit the wall
No place to turn, no place at all
I'll pick a number between a-one and two
And I ask myself, "What would Julius Caesar do?"
I'll bring someone to life in more ways than one
Don't matter how long it takes, it'll be done when it's done

I'm gonna make you play the piano like Leon Russell
Like Liberace, like St. John the Apostle
I'll play every number that I can play
I'll see you maybe on Judgment Day
After midnight, if you still wanna meet
I'll be at the Black Horse Tavern on Armageddon Street
Two doors down, not that far to walk
I'll hear your footsteps, you won't have to knock
I'll bring someone to life, balance the scales
I'm not gonna get involved in any insignificant details

You can bring it to St. Peter, you can bring it to Jerome
You can bring it all the way over, bring it all the way home
Bring it to the corner where the children play
You can bring it to me on a silver tray
I'll bring someone to life, spare no expense
Do it with decency and common sense

Can you tell me what it means, to be or not to be?
You won't get away with foolin’ me Can you help me walk that moonlight mile?
Can you give me the blessings of your smile?
I'll bring someone to life, use all of my powers
Do it in the dark in the wee small hours

I can see the history of the whole human race
It's all right there, it's carved into your face
Should I break it all down? Should I fall on my knees?
Is there light at the end of the tunnel, can you tell me please?

Stand over there by the cypress tree
Where the Trojan women and children were sold into slavery
Long before the First Crusade
Way back ‘fore England or America were made

Step right into the burning hell
Where some of the best-known enemies of mankind dwell
Mr. Freud with his dreams, Mr. Marx with his axe
See the rawhide lash rip the skin from their backs

Got the right spirit, you can feel it you can hear it
You've got what they call the immortal spirit
You can feel it all night, you can feel it in the morn
It creeps in your body the day you were born

One strike of lightning is all that I need And a blast of ‘lectricity that runs at top speed
Show me your ribs, I'll stick in the knife
Gonna jump-start my creation to life
I wanna bring someone to life, turn back the years
Do it with laughter and do it with tears



I’m sitting on my terrace, lost in the stars  Listening to the sounds of the sad guitars.
Been thinking it all over, and I thought it all through
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you

I saw the first fall of snow
I saw the flowers come and go
I don’t think that anyone ever else ever knew
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you

I’m giving myself to you, I am
From Salt Lake City to Birmingham  From East LA to San Antone
I don’t think I could bear to live my life alone

My eye is like a shooting star
It looks at nothing here or there, looks at nothing near or far
No one ever told me, it’s just something I knew
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you

If I had the wings of a snow white dove
I’d preach the gospel, the gospel of love A love so real, a love so true
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you

Take me out traveling, you’re a traveling man
Show me something that I’ll understand  I’m not what I was, things aren’t what they were
I’m going far away from home with her

I traveled the long road of despair
I’ve met no other traveler there Lotta people gone, a lotta people I knew
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you.

Well my heart’s like a river, a river that sings Just takes me a while to realize things  I’ll see you at sunrise, I’ll see you at dawn
I’ll lay down beside you when everyone’s gone

I traveled from the mountains to the sea I hope that the gods go easy with me  I knew you’d say yes, I’m saying it too
I’ve made up my mind to give myself to you

Black rider, black rider, you been living too hard  Been up all night, have to stay on your guard
The path that you’re walking – too narrow to walk  Every step of the way, another stumbling block
The road that you’re on – same road that you know Just not the same as it was a minute ago

Black rider, black rider, you’ve seen it all
You’ve seen the great world, and you’ve seen the small
You fell into the fire, and you’re eating the flame
Better seal up your lips if you want to stay in the game
Be reasonable mister, be honest, be fair
Let all of your earthly thoughts be a prayer

Black rider, black rider, all dressed in black
I’m walking away, you try to make me look back
My heart is at rest, I’d like to keep it that way
I don’t want to fight, at least not today
Go home to your wife, stop visiting mine One of these days, I’ll forget to be kind

Black rider, black rider, tell me when, tell me how
If there ever was a time, then let it be now
Let me go through, open the door
My soul is distressed, my mind is at war
Don’t hug me, don’t flatter me, don’t turn on the charm
I take a sword and hack off your arm

Black rider, black rider, hold it right there The size of your cock won’t get you nowhere  I suffer in silence, I’ll not make a sound
Maybe I’ll take the high moral ground
Some enchanted evening, I’ll sing you a song
Black rider, black rider, you’ve been on the job too long



I live on a street named after a saint
Women in the churches wear powder and paint
Where the Jews and the Catholics and the Muslims all pray
I can tell the proddy from a mile away
Goodbye Jimmy Reed, Jimmy Reed indeed
Gimme that old time religion, it’s just what I need

For thine is the kingdom, the power, and the Glory
Go tell it on the mountain, go tell the real story  Tell in that straightforward puritanical tone
In the mystic hours, where a person’s alone  Goodbye Jimmy Reed, Godspeed
Thump on the Bible, proclaim a creed

You won’t amount to much, the people all said
‘Cos I didn’t play guitar behind my head Never pandered, never acted proud
Never took off my shoes, threw ‘em into the crowd Goodbye Jimmy Reed, goodbye and good night
Put a jewel in your crown and I’ll put out the light

They threw everything at me, everything in the book
I had nothing to fight with but a butcher’s hook They had no pity, they never lent a hand,
I can’t sing a song that I don’t understand
Goodbye Jimmy Reed, goodbye and good luck
I can’t play the record ‘cos my needle got stuck

Transparent woman in a transparent dress
Suits you well I must confess
I break open your grapes, I suck out that juice
I need you like my head needs a noose
Goodbye Jimmy Reed, goodbye and so long
I thought I could resist her, but I was so wrong


God be with you, brother dear
If you don’t mind me asking, what brings you here?
Ah nothing much, I’m just looking for the man
Came to see where he’s lying in this lost land  Goodbye Jimmy Reed, and everything within ya Can’t you hear me calling from down in Virginia?



Mother of Muses sing for me
Sing of the mountains and the deep dark sea
Sing of the lakes and the nymphs of the forest
Sing your hearts out, all ya women of the chorus
Sing of honor and faith, and glory be
Mother of Muses, sing for me

Mother of Muses, sing for my heart
Sing of a love, too soon to depart
Sing of the heroes who stood alone
Whose names are engraved on tablets of stone
Who struggled with pain so the world could go free
Mother of Muses, sing for me

Sing of Sherman, Montgomery, and Scott,
And of Zhukov, and Patton, and the battles they fought
Who cleared the path for Presley to sing,
Who carved the path for Martin Luther King
Who did what they dared and they went on their way
Man, I could tell their stories all day

I’m falling in love with Calliope
She don’t belong to anyone, why not give her to me?
She’s speaking to me, speaking with her eyes
I’ve grown so tired of chasing lies
Mother of Muses, wherever you are
I’ve already outlived my life by far

Mother of Muses, unleash your wrath  Things I can’t see, they’re blocking the path  Show me your wisdom, tell me my fate Put me upright, make me walk straight  Forge my identity from the inside out
You know what I’m talking about

Take me to the river, release your charms Let me lay down awhile in your sweet lovin’ arms
Wake me, shake me, free me from sin
Make me invisible like the wind
Got a mind to ramble, got a mind to roam
I’m travelin’ light, and I’m a-slow comin’ home


I crossed the Rubicon on the 14th day of the most dangerous month of the year
At the worst time, at the worst place – that’s all I seem to hear I got up early so I could greet the Goddess of the Dawn
I painted my wagon “abandon all hope,” and I crossed the Rubicon

Well, the Rubicon is the Red River, going gently as she flows
Redder then your ruby lips and the blood that flows from the rose
Three miles north of Purgatory – one step from the great beyond
I prayed to the cross, I kissed the girls, and I crossed the Rubicon

What are these dark days I see in this world so badly bent
How can I redeem the time – the time so idly spent
How much longer can it last – how long can it go on
I embraced my love, put down my head, and I crossed the Rubicon

I can feel the bones beneath my skin, and they’re tremblin’ with rage
I’ll make your wife a widow – you’ll never see old age
Show me one good man in sight that the sun shines down upon
I pawned my watch, I paid my debts, and I crossed the Rubicon

Put my heart upon the hill where some happiness there I’ll find If I survive, then let me love – let the hour be mine Take the high road – take the low, take any one you’re on
I poured the cup, I passed it along, and I crossed the Rubicon

Well, you defiled the most lovely flower in all of womanhood
Others can be tolerant – others can be good
I’ll cut ya up with a crooked knife, Lord and I’ll miss ya when you’re gone
I stood between heaven and earth and I crossed the Rubicon

You won’t find any happiness here – no happiness or joy
Go back to the gutter, try your luck – find ya some nice pretty boy
Tell me how many men I need, and who can I count upon
I strapped my belt, I buttoned my coat, and I crossed the Rubicon

I feel the Holy Spirit inside, see the light that freedom gives
I believe it’s in the reach of every man who lives
Keep as far away as possible – it’s darkest ‘fore the dawn
(O Lord)
I turned the key and broke it off, and I crossed the Rubicon

Mona Baby, are you still in my mind – I truly believe that you are Couldn’t be anybody else but you who’s come with me this far
The killing frost is on the ground and the autumn leaves are gone
I lit the torch, I looked to the east, and I crossed the Rubicon

McKinley hollered, McKinley squalled Doctor said, "McKinley, death is on the wall.
Say it to me if you've got something to confess"
I heard all about it, he was goin’ down slow
I heard it on the wireless radio
From down in the boondocks, way down in Key West

I’m searching for love, for inspiration  On that pirate radio station
Coming out of Luxembourg and Budapest
Radio signal clear as can be
I’m so deep in love that I can hardly see
Down on the flat lands, way down in Key West

Key West is the place to be  If you’re looking for immortality
Stay on the road, follow the highway sign  Key West is fine and fair
If you lost your mind, you’ll find it there
Key West is on the horizon line

I was born on the wrong side of the railroad track
Like Ginsberg, Corso, and Kerouac
Like Louis, and Jimmie, and Buddy, and all the rest  Well, it might not be the thing to do  But I’m sticking with you through and through
Down in the flatlands, way down in Key West

I got both my feet planted square on the ground
Got my right hand high with the thumb down
Such is life, such is happiness
Hibiscus flowers, they grow everywhere here
If you wear one, put it behind your ear
Down on the bottom, way down in Key West

Key West is the place to go
Down by the Gulf of Mexico
Beyond the sea, beyond the shifting sand
Key West is the gateway key
To innocence and purity
Key West, Key West is the enchanted land

I’ve never lived in the land of Oz
Or wasted my time with an unworthy cause  It’s hot down here, and you can’t be overdressed Tiny blossoms of a toxic plant
They can make you dizzy, I’d like to help you but I can’t
Down in the flatlands, way down in Key West

Well the fishtail ponds, and the orchid trees
They can give you that bleeding heart disease
People tell me I ought to try a little tenderness
On Newton Street, Bayview Park
Walking in the shadows after dark
Down under, way down in Key West

I played gumbo limbo spirituals I know all the Hindu rituals
People tell me that I’m truly blessed
Bougainvillea blooming in the summer, in the spring
Winter here is an unknown thing
Down in the flatlands, way down in Key West

Key West is under the sun
Under the radar, under the gun
You stay to the left, and then you lean to the right
Feel the sunlight on your skin
And the healing virtues of the wind
Key West, Key West is the land of light

Wherever I travel, wherever I roam I’m not that far from the convent home
I do what I think is right, what I think is best
History street off of Mallory Square
Truman had his White House there
East bound, west bound, way down in Key West

Twelve years old, they put me in a suit
Forced me to marry a prostitute
There were gold fringes on her wedding dress
That’s my story, but not where it ends
She’s still cute, and we’re still friends
Down on the bottom, way down in Key West


I play both sides against the middle
Trying to pick up that pirate radio signal
I heard the news, I heard your last request Fly around my pretty little Miss    I don’t love nobody, give me a kiss
Down on the bottom, way down in Key West

Key West is the place to be If you’re looking for immortality  Key West is paradise divine  Key West is fine and fair  If you lost your mind, you’ll find it there  Key West is on the horizon line




1.
‘Twas a dark day in Dallas – November ‘63 The day that will live on in infamy
President Kennedy was a-riding high
Good day to be living and a good day to die
Being led to the slaughter like a sacrificial lamb He said wait a minute boys, you know who I am?
Of course we do, we know who you are
Then they blew off his head while he was still in the car
Shot down like a dog in broad daylight
‘Twas a matter of timing and the timing was right
You got unpaid debts – we’ve come to collect
We’re gonna kill you with hatred, without any respect
We’ll mock you and shock you, and we’ll grin in your face
We’ve already got someone here to take your place
The day they blew out the brains of the king
Thousands were watching, no one saw a thing It happened so quickly – so quick by surprise
Right there in front of everyone’s eyes

Greatest magic trick ever under the sun
Perfectly executed, skillfully done
Wolfman, oh wolfman, oh wolfman, howl
Rub a dub dub – it’s a murder most foul

2.
Hush little children, you’ll understand
The Beatles are coming they’re gonna hold your hand Slide down the bannister, go get your coat
Ferry ‘cross the Mersey and go for the throat There’s three bums comin’ all dressed in rags Pick up the pieces and lower the flags I’m going to Woodstock, it’s the Aquarian Age
Then I’ll go over to Altamont and sit near the stage
Put your head out the window, let the good times roll
There’s a party going on behind the grassy knoll Stack up the bricks, pour the cement Don’t say Dallas don’t love you, Mr. President
Put your foot in the tank and then step on the gas
Try to make it to the triple underpass Black face singer – white face clown
Better not show your faces after the sun goes down


I’m in the red-light district like a cop on the beat
Living in a nightmare on Elm Street
When you’re down on deep Ellum put your money in your shoe
Don’t ask what your country can do for you
Cash on the barrel head, money to burn
Dealey Plaza, make a left hand turn
I’m going down to the crossroads, gonna flag a ride The place where Faith, Hope and Charity died Shoot ‘em while he runs, boy, shoot ‘em while you can
See if you can shoot the Invisible Man
Goodbye, Charlie, goodbye Uncle Sam Frankly, Miss Scarlet, I don’t give a damn
What is the truth – where did it go
Ask Oswald and Ruby – they oughta know Shut your mouth, say the wise old owl
Business is business and it’s murder most foul

3.
Tommy can you hear me, I’m the Acid Queen
I’m ridin’ in a long black Lincoln limousine
Ridin’ in the back seat, next to my wife Heading straight on into the afterlife
I’m leaning to the left, got my head in her lap
Oh Lord, I’ve been led into some kind of a trap
Well, we ask no quarter, no quarter do we give
We’re right down the street from the street where you live They mutilated his body and they took out his brain
What more could they do, they piled on the pain
But his soul was not there where it was supposed to be at
For the last fifty years they’ve been searching for that Freedom, oh freedom, freedom over me
I hate to tell you, Mister, but only dead men are free
Send me some loving – tell me no lie
Throw the gun in the gutter and walk on by
Wake Up, Little Suzie, let’s go for a drive
Cross the Trinity River, let’s keep hope alive
Turn the radio on, don’t touch the dials
Parkland Hospital only six more miles
You got me Dizzy Miss Lizzy, you filled me with lead
That magic bullet of yours has gone to my head
I’m just a patsy like Patsy Cline
Never shot anyone from in front or behind Got blood in my eye, got blood in my ear
I’m never gonna make it to the New Frontier

Zapruder’s film, I’ve seen that before
Seen it thirty-three times, maybe more It’s vile and deceitful – it’s cruel and it’s mean Ugliest thing that you ever have seen
They killed him once, and they killed him twice Killed him like a human sacrifice
The day that they killed him, someone said to me, “Son,
The age of the anti-Christ has just only begun.”
Air Force One coming in through the gate
Johnson sworn in at two thirty-eight
Let me know when you decide to throw in the towel
It is what it is and it’s murder most foul

4.
What’s New Pussycat – wha’d I say
I said the soul of a nation been torn away
And it’s beginning to go into a slow decay
And that it’s thirty-six hours past Judgment Day
Wolfman Jack, he’s speaking in tongues He’s going on and on at the top of his lungs Play me a song, Mr. Wolfman Jack
Play it for me in my long Cadillac
Play me that Only The Good Die Young
Take me to the place Tom Dooley was hung
Play St. James Infirmary in the court of King James
If you want to remember, you better write down the names
Play Etta James too, play I’d Rather Go Blind Play it for the man with the telepathic mind
Play John Lee Hooker, play Scratch My Back
Play it for that strip club owner named Jack
Guitar Slim – Goin’ Down Slow
Play it for me and for Marilyn Monroe  Play please, Don’t Let Me Be Misunderstood
Play it for the First Lady, she ain’t feeling too good
Play Don Henley – play Glenn Frey
Take it to the Limit and lettin’ it go by Play it for Carl Wilson, too
Lookin’ far, far away down Gower Avenue  Play Tragedy, play Twilight Time
Take Me Back to Tulsa to the scene of the crime
Play another one and Another One Bites the Dust
Play the Old Rugged Cross and in G-d We Trust
Ride the Pink Horse down that Long, Lonesome Road
Stand there and wait for his head to explode
Play Mystery Train for Mr. Mystery
The man who fell down dead like a rootless tree
Play it for the Reverend, play it for the Pastor
Play it for the dog that got no master
Play Oscar Peterson, play Stan Getz
Play Blue Sky, play Dickie Betts
Play Art Pepper, Thelonious Monk
Charlie Parker and all that junk
All that junk and All That Jazz
Play something for The Birdman of Alcatraz
Play Buster Keaton play Harold Lloyd
Play Bugsy Siegel play Pretty Boy Floyd
Play the numbers, play the odds
Play Cry Me A River for the Lord of the Gods
Play number nine, play number six
Play it for Lindsey and Stevie Nicks
Play Nat King Cole, play Nature Boy
Play Down in the Boondocks for Terry Malloy
Play It Happened One Night and One Night of Sin
There’s twelve million souls that are listening in
Play Merchant of Venice, play merchants of death Play Stella by Starlight for Lady Macbeth Don’t worry, Mr. President, help’s on the way Your brothers are comin’, there’ll be hell to pay
Brothers? What brothers? What’s this about hell?
Tell ‘em we’re waitin’ – keep coming – we’ll get them as well
Love Field is where his plane touched down
But it never did get back up off the ground
Was a hard act to follow, second to none
They killed him on the altar of the Rising Sun
Play Misty for me and that Old Devil Moon
Play Anything Goes and Memphis in June
Play Lonely at the Top and Lonely Are the Brave
Play it for Houdini spinning around in his grave Play Jelly Roll Morton, play Lucille Play Deep in a Dream and play Drivin’ Wheel  Play Moonlight Sonata in F sharp
And a Key to the Highway by the king of the harp Play Marchin’ Through Georgia and Dumbarton’s Drums Play Darkness and death will come when it comes
Play Love Me or Leave Me by the great Bud Powell
Play the Blood Stained Banner – play Murder Most Foul




I aint a record note writer - I never was, never will be an never wanna be - but that's ok tho cause the New World Singers ain't record note writer's subjects either - they're everybody's subject - they're everybody's assignment - they're for everybody to look into - they're everybody's textbook an' travel guide - they're everybody's fortune teller an' fact finder - there ain't no one that can't use what they do as a windmill or roadmap - they ain't just a rich man's encyclopedia or a poor boy's dream - they're real and they're here -
they're in front of yer eyes an' ears in all shapes an' sizes an' lines, angles an' directions - thery're everybody's newspaper - thery're everybody's radio -
thery're everybody's ol' time feelings an new found heartaches - thery're everybody's ol' fangled generator, modern day telephone an' thery're everybody's new world.
I know the New World Singers - I know all three of 'em as good as I know anybody - the first time I met "Gil Turner" it was in Mill's Bar in Bleecker Street about two years back - we talked an' preached at each other there across the table an' thru the air all about the
crazy one-sided triangles caused by the loose tempers an' mad tongues that was suckin' us up outside on the street - an'we both agreed at top speed that what we was lookin' for, was some kind of new world .....
I met "Happy Traum" an' his wife about the same time I guess an'
I can remember when their baby girl Merry was born an' now she's over a year old - an' with one laugh out a beautiful Merry you'd know why Happy wants a new an' better world -
just look some time at long haired little Merry an' you'd know why anybody'd want a new world - but Happy's got the reason right there in his eyeview ... closer to it than a lot of us are .....
"Bob Cohen"'s quiet - I first seen him at a City College folksong hall an' thought he was some sort of a Spanish gypsy by the way he wore his  sideburns an' moustache an' eyebrows -
but he didn't talk so I couldn't tell - I must a sat an hour next to
him waitin' to hear some gypsy language - he never said a word -
he laughed a few times but all folks no matter what race laughs in the same tongue -
I seen him sing later that night an' it didn't bother my thoughts no more as to if he was gypsy or gigolo -
he tol' me more about my new world in that ten minutes time
than the pop radio station did all that week -
Listen to the New World Singers - listen to 'm with a clear head an' open mind - let your girl friend or boy friend hear 'm - let your mother an' yer father hear 'm - let yer kids hear 'm -
they ain't no tin pan alley put together group -
they ain't been sucked in or swallowed down or drawn under by the money eaters - their kind a music ain't the brainstorm of the halfwit hit office boys - they ain't singin' to sell soap suds -
their kind a songs ain't worked over an' layed out by no music factory an' their singin' ain't spat out a any IBM machine - they ain't wearin' no song they sing as their own private expensive suit - they ain't changin' no songs cause  Mr. Sense a Style tells 'm to .... they sing like they are -
They sing like they know who they are
They sing like the Ol' Almanacs used to sing
They sing like the Memphis Jug Band used to sing
They don' have to prove nothin' to nobody
They don' have no row to hoe
They got a new world to win
I got a new world to win
You got a new world to win

BOB DYLAN                             with a brain                             full of hard rains
an' hunger pains

Snow was piled up the stairs an onto the street that first winter when I laid around New York City
it was a different street then - it was a different village - Nobody had nothin - There was nothin t get -
Instead a bein drawn for money you were drawn for for other people Everybody used t hang around a heat pipe poundin subterranean coffee house called the Gaslight -
it was at that time buried beneath the middle a MacDougal Street -
It was a strange place an not out a any schoolbook -
More'n seven nites a week the cops a n firemen'd storm down the steps handin out summons for trumped up reasons -
More'n five nites a week out a town bullies'd start trouble an everybody from John the owner t Dave the cook t Rod the cash register ringer t Adele the waitress t anybody who was on the stage t just plain friends who were hangin around would have t come up swingin dishes an handles an brooms an chairs an sometimes even swords at hung on the wall in order t match the bullies' weight an the bullies was always big bullies - Everybody that hung out at the Gaslight was close -
Yuh had t be -
In order t keep from going insane an in order t survive - an it can't be denied - It was a hangout -
But not like the street corner -
Down there we weren't standin lookin out at the world watchin girls - an findin out how they walk -
We was lookin at each other ... an findin out about ourselves - It is 'f these times that I remember most sadly - For they're gone -
an they'll not never come again - It is 'f these times I think about now -
I think back t one a them nites when the doors was locked an maybe thirty or forty people sat as close t the stage as they could - It was another nite past one o'clock an that meant that the tourists on the street couldn't get in -

At these hours there was no tellin what was bound t happen -
Never never could the greatest prophesizor ever guess it -
There was not such a thing as an audience -
There was not such a thing as performers -
Everybody did something - An had somethin t say about somethin - I remember Hugh who wore different kinda clothes then but still shouted an tongue twisted flowin lines a poetry that anybody who could be struck by the sounds 'f a rock hittin a brick wall could understand - I remember Luke playin his banjo an singin "East Virginia" with a tone as soft as the snow outside an "Mr. Garfield" with a bitin touch as hard as the stovepipe on the inside -
An Dave singin "House a the Risin Sun" with his back leaned against the bricks an words runnin out in a lonesome hungry growlin whisper that
any girl with her face hid in the dark could understand - Paul then was a guitar playin singer comedian -
But not the funny ha ha kind -
His funnyness could only be defined an described by the word "hip" or "hyp" -
A combination a Charlie Chaplin Jonathan Winters an Peter Lorre - Maybe it was that nite that somebody flicked a piece a card- board in front a the tiny spotlight an he made quick jerky movements on the stage an everybody's eyes was seein first hand a silent movie for real - The bearded villain 'f an out a print picture -
There aint room enuff on the paper t tell about everybody that was there an exactly what they did -
Every nite was a tree high degree novel - Anyway it was one a these nites when Paul said
"Yuh gotta now hear me an Peter an Mary sing"
Mary's hair was down almost t her waist then -
An Peter's beard was only about half grown - An the Gaslight stage was smaller an the song they sang was younger -
But the walls shook
An everybody smiled - An everybody felt good -
An down there approval didn't come with the clappin a hands at the end 'f the song - It came burstin out anytime any way it felt like burstin out - An they were approved -
By the people watchin'm and by 'mselves -
Which really was one -
An that's where the beginning was at - Inside them walls 'f a subterranean world - But it's a concrete kind a beginnin -
It's concrete cause it's close - An it's close cause it's gotta be close - An that feelin aint be forgotten
Yuh carry it with yuh -
It's a feelin that's born an not bought
An it cant be taught -
An by livin with it yuh learn t see and know it in other people -
T sing an speak as one yuh gotta think as one -
An yuh gotta believe as one -
An yuh gotta feel as one -
An Peter an Paul an Mary're now carryin the feelin that was inside them walls up the steps t the whole outside world -

The rooster never crowed on MacDougal Street -
There was no dew on the grass an the sun never came shinin over the mountain -
There was nothin t tell yuh it was mornin cept the pins and needles feelin in yer arms an legs from stayin up all nite - But all 'f us find our way a knowin when it's mornin - an once yuh know the feelin it dont change -


It can only grow
For Peter's grown
An Paul's grown
An Mary's grown
An the  times've grown

Bob Dylan, 1963


In my youngest years I used to kneel
By my aunt's house on a railroad field
An yank the grass out a the ground
An rip savagely at its roots
An pass the hours countin strands
An stains the green grew on my hands
As I waited til I heard the sound
A the iron ore cars rollin down
The tracs'd hum an I'd bite my lip
An hold my grip as the whistle whined;
Crouchin low as the engine growled
I'd shyly wave t the throttle man
An count the cars as they rolled past
But when the echo faded in the day
An I understood the train was gone
It's then that my eyes'd turn
Back t my hands with stains a green
That lined my palms like blood that tells
I'd taken an not given in return

But glancin back t the empty patch
Where the ground was turned upside down
An the roots lay dead beside the tree
I'd say "how can this bother me"
Or "I'm sure the grass don't give a damn
Anyway it'll grow again an
What's a patch a grass anyhow"
An I'd wipe my hand t wash the stain;
An fling a rock across the track
With the echo a the railroad train
Hanging heavy like a thunder cloud
In the dawn a t'morrow's rain
An I asked myself t be my friend
An I walked my road like a frightened fox
An I sung my song like a demon child
With a kick an a curse
From inside my mother's womb

In later years altho still young
My head swung heavy with windin curves
An a mixed-up path revolved and strung
Within the boundaries a my youth
Til at last I backed so far away
From the world’s walls an friendless games  That I did not have a word t say  T anyone who t d meet my eyes
An I locked myself an lost the key
An let the symbols take their shape
An form a foe for me to fight
T lash my tongue an rebel against
An spit at strong with vomit words
But I learned t choose my idols well
T be my voice an tell my tale
An help me fight my phantom brawl
An my first idol was Hank Williams
For he sang about the railroad lines
An the iron bars an rattlin wheels
Left no doubt that they were real
An my first symbol was the word
"beautiful"
For the railroad lines were not beautiful
They were smoky black and guttered colored
An filled with stink an soot an dust
An I’d judge beauty with these rules
An accept it only ‘f it was ugly
An ‘f I could touch it with my hand
For it’s only then I’d understand
An say "yeah this’s real"
An I walked my road an sung my song
Like a saddened clown
In the circus a my own world –

In later times my idols fell
For I learned that they were only men
An had reasons for their deeds
‘f which weren’t mine weren’t mine at all
An no more on them could I depend
But what I learned from each forgotten god
Was that the battlefield was mine alone
An only I could cast me stone
An the symbols which by now had grown
Out a shape but strong in sight
Were seen by me in a sharper light
An the symbol "beauty" still struck my guts
But now with a more shameful sound  An I rebeled twice as hard      an ten times as proud
An I walked my road an sung my song
Like an arch criminal who’d done no wrong
An committed no crime but was
screaming through the bars  A someone else’s prison –

Later yet in New York town
On my own terms I said with age
"The only beauty's in the cracks an curbs
Clothed in robes a dust an grime"
An I searched for it in every hole
An jumped head-on t meet its breast
An whispered tunes into its ear
An kissed its mouth an held its waist
An in its belly swam around
An on its belly passed out cold
An like a blind lover bold in flight
I shouted from inside my wounds
"The voice to speak for me an mine
Is the hard filthy gutter sound
For it's only this that I can touch
An the only beauty I can feel"
An I dove back in by my own choice
T feed my skin a hungry holes
An rejected every other voice
An I walked my road an sung my song
Like a lonesome king
Standin in the fury a the queen' s garden
Starin into
A shallow grave –

Time travelled an faces passed
An many thoughts t me were taught
By names an heads too many t count
That touched my path an soon were gone
But some stayed on t remain as friends
An tho each is best an none is best
It is at this time I speak 'f one
Who proved to me that boys still grow
A girl I met on common ground
Who like me strummed lonesome tunes  With a lovely voice
Who like me strummed lonesome tunes
With a "lovely voice" so I first heard
"A thing a beauty" people said
"Wonderous sounds" writers wrote
"I hate that kind a sound" said I
"The only beauty's ugly, man
The crackin shakin breakin sounds're
The only beauty I understand"

So between our tongues there was a bar
An tho we talked a the world's fears
An at the same jokes loudly laughed
An held our eyes at the same aim
When I saw she was set to sing
A fence a deafness with a bullet's speed
Sprang up like a protectin glass
Outside the linin a my ears
An I talked loud inside my head
As a double shield against the sounds
"Ain't no voice but an ugly voice
A the rest I don' give a damn  'f I can't feel it with my hand
Then don' wish me t' understand
But I'll wait tho til yer song is done
Cause there's something about yuh
But I don' know what"
An I walked my road an sung my song
Like a scared poet
Walkin on the shore
Kickin driftwood with my shadow
Afraid a the sea –

In a cruisin car I heard her tell
About the childhood hours she spent
As a little girl in an Arab land
An she told me ‘f the dogs she saw
Slaughtered wholly on the street
An I learned ‘f how the people laughed
An I learned ‘f how the people’d laugh
As they beat the gentle dogs t’ death
Thru a child’s eyes who tried an failed
T’ hide one dog inside her house
An I turned my head without a word  An coldly stared out t’ the road
An with the wind hittin half my face
My memory creeped as the highway rolled
Back if not but for a flash
T’ an empty patch a grass that died
About the same time a dog was hid
An that guilty feelin sprang again
Not over the roots I’d pulled
But over she who saw the dogs get killed
An I said it softly underneath my breath
"Yuh ought a listen t’ her voice …
Maybe somethin’s in the sound …
Ah but what could she care anyway
Kill them thoughts … they ain’t no good
Only ugly’s understood"

An I stuck my head out in the wind
An let the breeze blow the words
Out a my breath as a truck roared by
An almost blew us off the road
An at that time I had no song t’ sing –

In Woodstock at a painter’s house
With friends scattered round the room
An she talkin from a chair
An me crosslegged on the rug
I lit a cigarette an laughed
An gulped red wine an lost
Every shakin vein that dwelled
Within the roots a my dancin heart
An the room it whirled and twirled an sailed
Without one fence standin guard
When all at once the silent air
Split open from her soundin voice
Without no warnin from her lips
An by instinct my blood reversed
An I shook an started reachin for
That wall that was supposed t fall
But my restin nerves weren’t restless now
An this time they wouldn’t jump
"Let her voice ring out" they cried
"We’re too tired t stop ‘er sing"
Which shattered all the rules I owned                       An left me puzzled without                          no choice                       Cept t listen t her voice

An when I leaned upon my elbows bare
That limply held my body up
I felt my face freeze t the bone
An my mouth like ice or solid stone
Could not've moved 'f called upon
An the time like velvet floated by
Until with hunger pains it cried
"Don't stop singing … sing again"
An like others who have taught me well
Not about themselves but me
She laughed out loud as ‘f t know
That the bars between us busted down
An I laughed almost an insane laugh
An aimed it at the ceiling walls
When I realized the command I called
An my elbows folded under me
An my head lay back upon the floor
An my shaky nerves went floatin free
But I memorized the words t write
For another time in t'morrow's dawn
An held close unchallenged dreams
As I passed out somewhere in the nite –

(I did not begin t touch
Till finally felt what wasn't there
Oh how feeble foolish small an sad
‘f me to think that beauty was
Only ugliness an muck
When it's really jus a magic wand
That waves an teases at my mind
An knows that only it can feel
An knows that I aint got a chance
An fools me into thinkin things
Like it’s my hands that understand
Ha ha how it must laugh
At crippled ones like me who try
T pick apart the sounds a streams
An pluck apart the rage ‘f waves
Ah but yuh won’t fool me anymore  For the breeze I heard in a young       girl’s breath
Proved true as sex an womanhood
An deep as the lowest depths a death
An strong as the weakest winds that blow
An as long as fate an fatherhood
An like gypsy drums
An Chinese gongs
An cathedral bells
An tones ‘f chimes
It just held hymns 'f mystery
An mystery's all too involved
It can't be understood or solved
By hands an feet an fingertips  An it shouldn't be called by a shameful      name
By those who look for answers plain
In every book cept themselves
Go ahead lightnin laugh at me
Flash yer teeth
Slap yer knee
It's yer joke I agree
I'm even pointin at myself
But it's a shame it's taken so much time)


So once more it's winter again
An that means I'll wait til spring
T ramble back t where I kneeled
When I first heard the ore train sing
An pulled the ground up by its roots
But this time I won't use my strength
T pass the time yankin grass
While I'm waiting for the train t sound
No next time'l1 be a different day
For the train might be there when I come
An I might wait hours for the cars t pass
An then as the echo fades
I'll bend down and count the strands a grass
But one thing that's bound to be
Is that instead a pullin at the earth
I'll just pet it as a friend
An when that train comes near
I'll nod my head t the big brass wheels
An say "howdy" t the engineer
An yell that .Ioanie says hello
An watch the train man scratch his head
An wonder what I meant by that
An I'll stand up an remember when
A rock was flung by a devil child
An I'll walk my road somewhere between
The unseen green an the jet black train
An I'll sing my song like a rebel wild
For it's that I am an can't deny
But at least I'll know now not to hurt
Not t push
Not tache
An God knows … not t try –


Source: poem to joanie. A Booklegger Realization with an introduction by A.J. Weberman.
Also published under the title Poem To Joanie in a limited edition of 300 copies by Aloes Press, England 1972. The album liner notes had no title.]



Eric Von Schmidt  Of course, we had heard about Eric Von Schmidt for many years. The name itself had become a password. Eventually, after standing in line to meet him, there it was -- his doorstep, a rainy day, and he grated his visitors, inviting them in. He was told how much they liked Grizzly Bear and he then invited the whole bunch to the club, where he was about to perform the thing live. "C'mon down to the club" he said -- "I'm about to perform it live".

We accepted the invitation. And that is what his record is. An invitation. An invitation to the glad, mad, sad, biting, exciting, frightening, crabby, happy, enlightening, hugging, chugging world of Eric Von Schmidt. For here is a man who can sing the bird off the wire and the rubbber off the tire. He can separate the men from the boys and the note from the noise. The bridle from the saddle and the cow from the cattle. He can play the tune of the moon. The why of the sky and the commotion from the ocean. Yes he can.

Bob Dylan


Back to the Starting Point! The kickoff, Hebrew letters on the wall, Victor Hugo's house in Paris, NYC in early autumn, leaves flying in the park, the clock strikes Eight, Bong \(em I dropped a double brandy & tried to recall the events ... beer halls & pin balls, polka bands, barbwire & thrashing clowns, objects, headwinds, & snowstorms, family outings with strangers \(em Furious gals with garters & smeared lips on bar stools that stank from sweating pussy \(em doing the Hula \(em perfect, priests in overhauls, glassy eyed, Insomnia! Space guys off duty with big dicks & duck tails, all wire up & voting for Eisenhower, waving flags & jumping off of fire engines, getting killed on motorcycles whatever \(em We sensed each other beneath  the mask, pitched a tent in the street & joined the traveling circus, love at first sight! History became a lie! the sideshow took
over \(em what a sight ... the tresh- hold of the Modern Bomb, temples of the Pawnee, the cowboy saint, the Arapshop, snapshots of \(em  Apache poets searching thru the ruins for a glimpse of Buddah \(em I let out for parts unknown, found Jacob's ladder up against an adobe wall & bought a serpent from a passing angel \(em Yeah the ole days are gone forever and the new ones aint far behind, the laughter is fading away, echoes of a star of energy Vampires in the gone world going Wild! Drinking the blood of innocent people, Innocent lambs! The wretched of the Earth, my brothers of the flood, cities of the flesh \(em Milwaukee, Ann Arbor, Chicago, Bismarck, South
Dakota, Duluth! Duluth \(em where Baudelaire lived & Goya cashed in his chips, where Joshua brought the house down! From there it was straight up \(em a little jolt of Mexico and some good LUCK, a little power over the Grave, some more brandy & the teeth of
a lion & a compass


I first heard Woody Guthrie over at a house party. I was over at somebody's house who was a lawyer and also a folk singer. He had Woody Guthrie and Cisco Houston records. Folkways records. "Grand Coulee Dam", "Pastures of Plenty", "Pretty Boy Floyd", "Tom Joad", "Vigilante Man." And what was different  about it - you know, it's hard to say. There are so many reasons why he was different, you could fill a book. He had a sound. Well, everybody had a sound, but he had a particular sound, more or less a Carter family-type sound. And he had something that needed to be said. And that was highly unusual to my ears. Usually you would have one or the other, you know, but he always had something to say.

I had a lot of lost time to make up. I mean, I really had to find out who this guy was and everything I could about him. I started learning his songs. I mean, there was a time when I did nothing *but* his songs. And I read this book. I read "Bound for Glory," which a folk music professor at the University of Minnesota loaned to me to read - because it was not the kind of book they sold in a bookstore. I thought "Bound for Glory" was the first "On the Road," and of course it changed my life like it changed everyone else's.

By this time I was completely taken over by him. By his spirit, or whatever. You could listen to his songs and actually learn how to live, or how to feel. He was like a guide. I couldn't believe that I'd never heard of this man - I didn't know if he was dead or alive, but by now I was trying to find out where he was.

When I finally met him, he wasn't functioning very well, but I was there more or less as a servant - I mean, I went there to sing him his songs. That's all I went to do, and that's all I did. I never really talked too much to him. He couldn't talk anyway. He was very jittery. He always liked the songs, and he would ask for certain ones. I knew them all! I was like a Woody Guthrie jukebox.

If Woody Guthrie was around today, I think he'd be very disillusioned. But everything happens in its own time. Woody Guthrie was who he was because he came along in the time he came along in. For me he was like a link in a  chain. Like I am for other people, and we all are for somebody. We're all just links in a chain. There was an innocence to Woody Guthrie. There was a certain type of innocence that I never regained - I know that's what I was looking for. Whether it was real, or whether it was a dream, who's to say? But it was kind of lost innocence. And after him it was over.


ABOUT THE SONGS (what they're about)

BROKE DOWN ENGINE is a Blind Willie McTell masterpiece. it's about trains, mystery on the rails-the trains of love, the train that carried my girl from town-The Southern Pacific, Baltmore & Ohio whatever-it's about variations of human longing-the low hum in meters & syllables. it's about dupes of commerce & politics colliding on tracks, not being pushed around by ordinary standards. it's about revival, getting a new lease on life, not just posing there-paint chipped & flaked, mattress bare, single bulb swinging above the bed. it's about Ambiguity, the fortunes of the priviliged elite, flood control-watching the red dawn not bothering to dress.

LOVE HENRY is a "traditionalist" ballad. Tom Paley used to do it, a perverse tale. Henry-modern corporate man off some foreign boat, unable to handle his "psychosis" responsible for organizing the Intelligentsia, disarming the people, an infantile sensualistwhite teeth, wide smile, lotza money, kowtows to fairy queen exploiters & corrupt religious establishments, career-minded, limousine double parked, imposing his will & dishonest garbage in popular magazines. he lays his head on a pillow of down & falls asleep. he shoulda known better, he must've had a hearing problem.

STACK-A-LEE is Frank Hutchinson's version. what does the song say exactly? it says no man gains immortality thru public acclaim. truth is shadowy. in the pre-postindustrial age, victims of violence were allowed (in fact it was their duty) to be judges over their offenders-parents were punished for their children's crimes (we've come a long way since then) the song says that a man's hat is his crown. futurologists would insist it's a matter of tatse. they say "let's sleep on it" but they're already living in the sanatirium. No Rights Without Duty is the name of the game & fame is a trick. playing for time is only horsing around. Stack's in a cell, no wall phone. he's not some egotistical degraded existentialist dionysian idiot. neither does he represent any alternative lifestyle scam (give me a thousand acres of tractable land & all the gang members that exist and you'll see the Authentic alternative lifestyle, the Agrarian one) Billy didn't have an insurance plan, didn't get airsick yet his ghost is more real and genuine than all the dead souls on the boob tube - a monumental epic of blunder and misunderstanding, a romance tale without the cupidity.

BLOOD IN MY EYES is one of two songs done by the Mississippi Sheiks, a little known de facto group whom in their former glory must've been something to behold. rebellion against routine seems to be their strong theme. all their songs are raw in the bone & are faultlessly made for these modern times (the New Dark Ages) nothing effete about the Mississippi Sheiks.

WORLD GONE WRONG is also by them & goes against cultural policy. "strange things are happening like never before." Strange things alright-strange things like courage becoming befuddled & nonfundamental. evil charlatans masquerading in pullover vests & tuxedos talking gobbledyook, monstrous pompous superficial pageantry parading down lonely streets on limited access highways. strange things indeed - irrationalist bimbos & bozos, the stuff of legend, coming in from left field-infamy on the landscape-"pray to the Good Lord" hit the light switch!

JACK-A-ROE is another Tom Paley ballad (Tom, one of the New Lost City Ramblers) the young virgin follows her heart (which cant be confined) & in it the secrets of the universe. "there was a wealthy merchant" wealthy & philosophically influential perhaps with an odd penchant for young folk. the song cannot be categorizedis worlds away from reality but "gets inside" reality anyway & strips it of its steel and concrete. inverted symmetry, legally stateless, travelling under a false passport. "before you step on board, sir..." are you any good at what you do? Submerge your personality.

DELIA is one sad tale-two or more versions mixed into one. the song has no middle range, comes whipping around the corner, seems to be about counterfeit loyalty. Delia herself, no Queen Gertrude, Elizabeth 1 or even Evita Peron, doesnt ride a Harley Davidson across the desert highway, doesnt need a blood change & would never go on a shopping spree. the guy in the courthouse sounds like a pimp in primary colors. he's not interested in mosques on the temple mount, armageddon or world war III, doesnt put his face in his knees & weep & wears no dunce hat, makes no apology & is doomed to obscurity. does this song have rectitude? you bet. toleration of the unacceptable leads to the last round-up. the singer's not talking from a head of booze. Jerry Garcia showed me

TWO SOLDIERS (Hazel & Alice do it pretty similar) a battle song extraordinaire, some dragoon officer's epaulettes laying liquid in the mud, physical plunge into Limitationville, war dominated by finance (lending money for interest being a nauseating & revolting thing) love is not collateral. hittin' them where they aint (in the imperect state that they're in) America when Mother was the the queen of Her heart, before Charlie Chapin, before the Wild One, before the children of the Sun-before the celestial grunge, before the insane world of entertainment exploded in our faces-before all the ancient & honorable artillery had been taken out of the city, learning to go forward by turning back the clock, stopping the mind from thinking in hours, firing a few random shots at the face of time.

RAGGED & DIRTY one of the Willy Browns did this - schmaltz & pickled herring, stuffed cabbage, heavy moral vocabulary - sweetness & sentiment, house rocking, superior beauty, not just standing there-the seductive magic of the thumbs up salute, carefully thought out overtones & stepping sideways, the idols of human worship paying thru the nose, lords of the illogical in smoking jackets, sufferers from a weak education, pieces of a jigsaw puzzle-taking stupid chances-being mistreated just so far.

LONE PILGRIM is from an old Doc Watson record. what attracts me to the song is how the lunacy of trying to fool the self is set aside at some given point. salvation and the needs of mankind are prominent & hegemony takes a breathing spell. "my soul flew to mansions on high" what's essentially true is virtual reality. technology to wipe out the truth is now available. not everybody can afford it but it's available. when the cost comes down look out! there wont be songs like this anymore. factually there aren't any now. by the way, don't be bewildered by the Never Ending Tour chatter. there was a Never Ending Tour but it ended in '91 with the departure of guitarist G.E. Smith. that one's long gone but there have been many others since then. The Money Never Runs Out Tour (fall of '91) Southern Sympathizer Tour (early '92) Why Do You Look At Me So Strangely Tour (European '92) The One Sad Cry Of Pity Tour (Australia & West Coast American
'92) Principles Of Action Tour (Mexico-South American '92) Outburst Of Consciousness Tour ('92) Don't Let Your Deal Go Down Tour ('93) & others too many to mention. each with their own character and design. to know which was which consult the playlists.



Go away you Bomb get away go away
Fast right now fast quick you get me sick
My good gal don' like you none an' the kids on my corner are sacred a' you
An' my friends 're gettin headaches that split an' spit an'
That kind a feelin' is rubbin' off on me an' I don' like it none too good
I hate the letters in yer word - B that means bad yer so bad that even
A dead hog in the sun would get up an' run O that stands for orrible Yer so orrible that the word drops it's first letter and runs  M that stands for morgue an' all them folks in it 're feelin' lucky an' I don't Mind folks feelin' lucky but I hate that feelin' of envy an' sometimes when I get to thinkin' about how lucky they are I get envicious of 'm an' that's a bad lonesome feelin' too B - that means bad but that's
The second time 'round so it's twice as bad

I hate you cause you make my life seem like nothin' at all
I hate you cause yer name's lost it's meaning an' you can fool anybody now
I hate you cause yer man made and man owned an' man handled
An' you might be missmade an' miss-owned an' miss handled an' even miss used
An' I hate you cause you could drop on me by accident an' kill me
An' I never liked yuh anyway - I'm against yuh to begin with
An' I hate you twice as much as Jimm Crow hates me

I want that bomb - I want it hangin' out a' my pocket an' danglin'
On my key-chain - I want it strapped to my belt buckle - I want it stickin' out a' my boot
I want it fallin' out a' my sock
I wanna wear it on my wedding finger an' I wanna tie it with bandanas
To my head

I want that Bomb -
I want it settin in my mouth like a cigar
I want it stickin from my ears like a carrot
I wanna look in the mirror an' see it in my eyes
I want one in both hands
I want two in both arms
I want that bomb to be hangin' an' hurtin' an' shinin' an' burnin'
I want it glowing and backbiting - and whistling an' side winding
I want it showin' all over my living self
I want it breathin' from every porthole
I want it blowin' from every pore
I want it weightin' me down so I can't even walk right
I wanna get up in the mornin' an scare the day right out a' it's dawn
Then I walk into the White House an' say "DIG YOURSELVE'S"



We used t drink cough medicine bottles a vodka t'gether
We used t stay up all nite laughin and singin
And we did that when there weren't too many people doin it
Hey man - I'm sorry - // I mean I'm really sorry
I wrote many lines in the past few years but there ain't no letters in  none a the words t spell out how sorry I am
It's a complicated day
I keep rememberin the songs we used t sing an play
The songs written thirty fifty years ago
The dirt farm songs - the dust bowl songs
The depression songs - the down and out songs
The ol blues and ballads
I think a Woody's songs
I think a Woody's day
"This land I'll defend with my life if it be"
An I say t myself "Yeah that's right"
"Hitler's on the march"
"I don't wan''m takin my ground"
"I don't wan''m livin on my land"
An I see two side man
I see two roads to pick yer route
The American way or the Fascist way
When there was a strike there's only two kind of views
An two kinds of tales t tell the news
Thru the unions eyes or thru the bosses eyes
An yuh could stand on a line an look at yer friends
An stand on that same line an see yer foes
It was that easy
"Which Side're You On" ain't phony words
An they ain't from a phony song
An that was Woody's day man
Two sides
I don know what happened cause I wasn't aroun but somewhere along
the line a that used t be day things got messed up
More kinds a sides come int' the story
Folks I guess started switchin sides an makin up their own sides
There got t be so many sides that no eyes could could see the eyes facin'm
There got t be so many sides that all of'm started lookin' like each other I don pretend to know what happened man, but somehow all sides lost their  	purpose an folks forgot about other folks
I mean they must a all started goin against each other not for the good  	a their side but for the good a jes their own selves An them two simple sides that was so easy t tell apart bashed an  	boomed an exploded so hard an heavy that t'day all'ts left and
made for us is the one big rockin rollin
COMPLICATED CIRCLE

Nowadays folk's brains're bamboozled an bowled over by categories
labels an slogans an advertisements that could send anybody's
head in a spin
It's hard t believe anybody's tellin the truth for what that is I swear it's true that in some parts a the country folks believe the
finger-pointers more'n the President
It's the time a the flag wavin shotgun carryin John Birchers
It's the time a the killer dogs an killer sprays
It's the time a the billbord sign super flyin highways
It's the time a the pushbutton foods an five minute fads
It's the time a the white collar shirt an the white sheeted hood and the
white man's sun tan lotion
It's time a guns and grenades an bombs bigger'n any time's ever seen
It's the time a Liz Taylor fans - sports fans and electric fans
It's the time when a twenty year ol colored boy with his head bloody
don get too much thought from the seventy year ol senator who
wants t bomb Cuba
I don't know who the people were man that let it get this way but they
got what they wanted out a their lives an left me an you facin a
scared raped world
They frained the free thinkin air an left us with a mental institution
circle
They rotted the poor wind and left us mixed up mislead
puny breeze
They stole Abraham Lincoln's road an sold us Bill Moore's highway They shot down trees - buried the leaves an nailed "Profess" t the
gravestone
They damned up the clear runnin river of "Love thy neighbor"
said by Jesus Christ a Bethlehem an poluted us with "I'll guard"
"the school with my body" said by governor Wallace of
Alabama
They robbed the Constitution of the land an snuck in the censors of
the mind
They bought up everythin at the auction an left us with a garbage  market a fools an fears an frustratin phoniness

Yuh ask how I'm doin Dave
I'm still singin - I'm still writin
I'm still doin all a things I used to do I guess
But the difference is probably that now I really ain't thinkin
about what I'm doing no more
I do worry no more bout the covered up lies and twisted truth in front
a my eyes
I don worry no more bout the no-talent criticizers an know-nothin
philosophizers
I don worry no more bout the cross-legged corner sitters who try an  	make rules for the ones travelin in the middle a the room
I'm singin an writin what's on my own mind now
What's in my own head and what's in my own heart
I'm singin for me an a million other me's that've been forced t'gether
by the same feelin

Not by no kind a side
Not by no kind a category
People hung up and strung out
People frustrated an corked in an bottled up
People on no special form or field - age limit or class
I can't sing "Red Apple juice" no more
I gotta sing "masters a War"
I can't sing "Little Maggie" with a clear head
I gotta sing "Seven Curses" instead
I can't sing "John Henry"
I gotta sing "Hollis Brown"
I can't Sing "John Johannah" cause it's his story an his people's story I gotta sing "With God On My Side" cause it's my story an my
people's
I can't sing "The Girl I Left Behind" cause I know what it's like
to do it
I gotta sing "Boots a Spanish Leather" cause I know what's like
to live it
But don't get me wrong now
Don think I go way out a my way not t sing no folk songs
That ain't it at all
The folk songs showed me the way
They showed me that songs can say somethin human
Without "Barbara Allen" there'd be no "Girl From The North Country"
Without no "Lone Green Valley" there'd be no "Don't Think Twice"
Without no "Jesse James" there'd be no "Davy Moore"
Without no "Twenty one Years" there'd be no "Walls a Red Wing"
Hell no
Them ol songs're the only kinda picture left t show the new born
how it used t be in them times
Them ol songs tell us what they had t run thru or walk thru or
dance thru
The ol songs tell how they loved an how they kissed
They tell us what they rejected and objected to
They laid it down an made the path
They were simple an tol the story straight
They said who they fought an what they fought for an with what they
fought with
An who they fought against
Now's a complicated day
An all I'm sayin' is'at I gotta make my own statement bout this day I gotta write my own feelins down the same way they did it before
me in that used t be day
An I got nothin but homage an holy thinkin for the ol songs and
stories
But now there's me an you
An I'm doin what I'm doin for me
An I'm doin what I'm doin for you

I'm writin an singin for me
An I'm writin an singin for you
I'm writin an singin for me cause I'm human an I'm breathin
In a world that was made for me
I'm writin an singin for you cause yer a part a me an everythin I
stand for
I don know why I aint written t yuh maybe cause I never write letters t'myself
yeah maybe that's why

See yuh when I get there

yer friend

Bob
Dylan


the school quarter ended, an there I stood ... stranded ha ... it was harder then I thought yes...
I dont think I made it ... no ... the nite was drunk and it was now winter ... Christmas vacation ... the almighty restin period ...
I was livin in this fraternity house.
Everybody's gone ... they all went home ... the house? mine ... belongs t me. big lonesome house.
nobody's even ???? not even in the kitchen ...
I sat between two barrals of butter this mornin. thinkin about poor me. sittin between two barrals of butter. it's now nite the street is mine. god it's lonesome ... who will I go see?
I love Judy.
Judy says she loves me but she also says she's busy. I told her I love her ...
I hate her cause I sense she dont love me ...
I wish I didn't love her. I wish she'd invite me for christmas for christ's sake ... I wish I had a car ...
I wish I wish. Hey mr. christmas man I wanna know where I'm supposed t be. gimme that for christmas ... (no answer).
I shut the lights off in the main room of the house so nobody can see me an I watch out the window ... dirty window nobody even cleans the windows here well it aint gonna be me (bitin my teeth) I'm just roomin here ... they advertised for boarders an they got me ...
they didn't get no fraternity pledge of alligence cat whose got t wait on them or their windows ... I aint even friends with any of em they think I'm odd ... my clothes an hair aint right ...
they smile at me too ... sometimes I smile back but then they chuckle ...
why in the fuck do they chuckle? I gotta chuckle back what's they start it for? headlights turn into the alley! somebody's comin ...
I quick pick up the phone an pretend I'm talkin ...
dont want nobody whoever it is t think I'm all alone here ... the brakes slam the car door slams the screen door slams an somebody who I hardly know walks up the steps an seems startled by me ...
he stops headin for whatever he was headin for as he hears me say goodbye an hang up the phone ...

"you been here the last couple day?"
"no I went up north but came back down"
"aint yuh going home for christmas?"
"well I did man but like I said I came back down"
"well where you going for christmas?"

I look out the window pretendin I'm waiting for somebody - he's gotta have porpoise brains t believe this

"I dont know I got about three places I chose from"
"yeah well I's just surprised t see anybody here that's all"
"yeah well I'm kinda takin care the house ha"
"I'm on my way upstairs t get some books see yuh on my way down"

he jumped the steps three at a time thud thud ...
man if I had the guts I think I do I'd steal your louzy car an turn on your louzy heat an drive down that lousy road ... an blow out your lousy radio - thud thud ... he's back again wavin notebooks.

"see yuh take it easy now"
"yeah yeah take it easy too"

I walked upstairs ... the house was cold ...
the first snow that fell had melted outside it was rainin
in the mornin there'd be snow again I stopped into somebody's room an glanced over some dirty magazines ... man I wish I could jump right into one a them magazines ... ah yes gimme that for christmas too ... what's all this wrapped up ribbon shit ... gimme some kinda world t jump into ... judy judy god damn I gotta call judy ... ring ring her ma answers. her ma hates me. snobby sort ...
wants the best for her daughter. society bitch. bitch of a mother ... talks down at me when she knows it's me callin ... sometimes she even says that judy aint there ... judy says not t call at certain times ...
ah man it's all so fuckin complicated ...

"is judy there?"
"pause"
"is judy there?"
"muffled sound"
"I gotta talk t judy"
"a muffled silence"
"hello"
"hello judy?"
"I told you not t call what d'yuh think you're doing?"
"I just gotta ask yuh something"
"what?"

I feel good from hearin her voice but feel sad cause I know she's gotta go ... probably with someone else ... someone else her mother likes an makes more sence t her than me ... ah I wanna cry out load an scream over the phone ...

"when can I see you?"
"I told you not t come back"
"yah but yuh said you loved me"
"but I cant see yuh this week"
"why?"
"cause I made other plans that's why"
"but you love me - you said yourself"
"but I cant break plans"
"what d'yuh mean yuh cant, will yuh please come over here, it wont take long an ..."
"but I dont break dates"
"dates? ah wow I just ... I mean I dont understand"
"look I gotta go please dont call til after Christmas"  "Judy you son of a bitch you said ... that ..." click
"you said that you loved me ..."
slam

girls have hung up on me an have hung up on me as far back as I can remember ... each one promises t be the last.
I walked out in the lonesome nite hearin bells off in the distance. the rain drizzled as I too wished I was off in the distance.


It aint no use in talkin about folk music -
It aint no use in takin stands an sides an gettin all sweat about it - It don make sense really t learn names an shout labels an get yer- self all confused -
It aint got no meanin at all t discuss an defend it - An it dont mean nothin t offend it -
Of all the corners a the question there aint no answers noplace worth        lookin at seriously cause the question jus aint that almighty big
What folk music an what aint's got nothin t do with the world - It just aint healthy t let the music run yer life like that - Yer life's gotta run the music -
You can't afford t let yer guitar own yer mind -
Yer mind's gotta own that guitar -
So what if other folks try an makes rules for it - So what if other folks try an boundary it all up -
So what if other folks try an chain it down and tell yuh what's it all about -
It don make no difference at all if yer own life is running things - But if the music's runnin you then yuh get swallowed up by all blabber talk -
You don have t worry about that's folk music an what aint -
Man, it's just a wide circle a silly tongues ant it aint important at all - Don let nobody block your head off -
Don let no one weave a wall in front of yer eyes -
Don let no one teach yuh what t call things -
Just get up in the mornin an go - Just open your eyes an walk -
Forget the silly talk - There's a million paths t take - There's a million miles t make - There's a million border lines t break -
The shadow a the mountain sure moving an shiftin - Raindrops an snowflakes're free fallin an forever driftin
Tree top're wavin an shakin an the fog is liftin
The white line on the highway's reflectin -
Behind the ditch broken down empty shack're still standin
Above the road an the cove caves're still hiden - In back a the fence the dogs're still barkin - The pacific Ocean is soundin and poundin
An the Monterrey sands're waitin
For yer bare feet t be walkin -
There's train lines rattlin an there's whistle's screamin -
The wind's jauntin an there's hitchhikers thumbin an bummin - The color a the sky's changin
An the color a the clouds're turnin
An the color a the ground's fadin
Fathers an mothers laughing an biebies're cryin
Young girls're sighin
An ol men're dyin -

The dark nite's foldin an people're fightin an frightened
Ships're sailin an trucks're haulin
An New York City's crawlin
With hungry voices callin
An ol buildings fallin
An clothes lines're  stretched an strung out
With all different colors a pants an shirts hangin - An the dirt in the alley's risin
An jackhammer dust's flyin -
An the Hudsin river're restin
An kid's voices're ringin
The hobo poet's whisperin and the bartender's not listenin -
The East Side is sweatin an steamin an fightin' t be breathin -
Forty 2nd Street's flyin an floatin and jumpin an twistin an explodin -
Subways're loadin
Folks 'f all colors an creed're settlin an sittin on park benches an street  	 corners an curbs an roof tops an bus stops -
The back a the bar rooms're lined steady an standin full with road  	 walkers an road workers an road poets an road painters with  	 lonesome thoughts an hungry feelings -
Junkies an flunkies line the wind along side ban-the-bomb demonstrators
Girls're hustlin for dollars on one side a the street an
Girls're sittin down for their rights on the other side a the street - The new Premise's playin
an Moondog's beatin his drum an sayin his lines - Lenny Bruce's talkin
an Lord Buckley's memory still movin An Doc Watson's walkin
Ray Charles's shoutin an speakin
Bertrand Russell's yellin from across the ocean an Julian Beck's tellin the same on this side a the sea - Jim Forman is livin an Ross Barnett's losin -
Harry Jackson's paintin -
Maybelle Carter's really standin an really strummin an Mike Seeger's really real - An Pete Seeger's really Pete Seeger -
An Joan Baez is still unshattered
An Marlon Brando's on the good side -
An the time's a rollin down every single street -
There's a girl waitin on every single corner -
An men're still breathin
An men're still breathin
An it's all music -
Every space a human life
It's all music -
An it don have t have no stamp 'f approval from nobody -
It don have to be ok ed by no one -
There aint no scholar that's smart enuff t invent the rules - There aint no lawmaker high enuff t chain it down with boundaries -
There aint no guard that's good enuff t hold a gun on it - An there aint no gun that's got enuff bullets an shells t shoot it -


An it's yer life
Do it - don talk it -
Forget about the talkers - They'll always be around You won't ......

Bob Dylan

Mrs Kennedy ... you were crawlin on all fours ... I saw you they printed you that way for the curiousity seekers t get a close glimpse of Mr Kennedy's last car ride ... yes I too was forced into acceptin my role as curiousity seeker ... they showed you in four separate pictures runnin in slow motion after you knew your husband was shot ... the second after you knew your husband was shot you were up an past the back seat ... climbin down the trunk ... then a man came runnin ... he came runnin t'wards you ... he was called a security guard he came closer as you were farther out on the trunk he jumped up on the trunk ... there were no more pictures

showin this the magazine then proclaimed that you were tryin t help the man into the car ...
Mrs Kennedy you dont need excuse for being out on the trunk the seconds after your husband was shot everybody could see what was happenin in these pictures with their own eyes ... why was the truth of human beings distorted? how far can this hero image go? everybody aint a hero ...
why am I deliberately lied wild lies about what I see with sound eyes who am I t be so insulted? I respect you Mrs Kennedy but I need no pictures t provide the respect ... my respect springs from reasons in my soul of which I cant touch
nor explain ...
I do not feel better knowin you are human I knew it all the time.
__________

Mr President I too take off my hat t you I shall abandon the rumours from mogrul's world as old hags in high clothes an court my truth as a youthful girl
an not worry about my heart being broken

oh some say it was more men than one oh the wind blows bitter I am sick t my soul an my stomach thru communication I heard the high men speak of him as tho they were best friends
all criticizers
t recall the day once more in my mind
I'd just as soon not for its useless

Broadway was salted like a truse had been sighed all eyes were magnitised t each other all regret they'd ever criticised him even those who've even been known t 've dispised him
_________

to compliment one the complete reward oh your hair looks fine today

I look at myself with cause to examine dressed in jeans like the magazines say ah I ask "would I kill the president" for any reason ... an men have reasons for how they act
an I say
___________

I stand an watch the clock tick a bridge of time 'tween my cliff an the one across the great white way I've never seen the likes
of where I'm goin before I do not know how soft or how hard the ground is over there for its never been explained in terms of standin on it ... but with every tick I take another step
because

stunned by disbelief as everybody in the room we watched Walter Cronkite half asleep tryin his best t fasten rumor t'gether it was friday mornin yesterday a riot started up in Harlem
t'day at least for now it is no more

I shall court the truth like any other youthful girl an worry not about a broken heart but the sword that bleeds from a mortals blood
shows only its holder's reflection

Broadway was sleepin with people as groups gathered round radios
it was


to anybody it may concern .... clark? mairi? phillip? edith? mr. lamont? countless faces I do not know
an all fighters for good things I can not see

when I speak of bald heads, I mean bald minds when I speak of the seashore, I mean the restin shore
I dint know why I mentioned either of them

my life runs in a series of moods in private an in personal ways, sometimes, I, myself, can change the mood I'm in t the mood I like t be in, when I walked thru the doors of the americana hotel, I needed t change my mood ...  for reasons inside myself

I am a restless soul hungry
perhaps wretched

it is hard to hear someone you dont know, say "this is what he" "meant" "t say" about something
you just said

for no one can say what I meant t say absolutely no one at time I even cant that was one of those times

my life is lived out daily in the places i feel most comfortable in. these places are places where i am unknown an unstared at. I perform rarely, an when I do, there is a constant commotion burnin at my body an at my mind because of the attention aimed at me. instincts fight my emotion an fears fight my instincts ...

I do not claim t be smart by the standards set up
I dont even claim to be normal by the standards
set up
an I do not claim to know any kind of truth

but like an artist who puts his painting (after he's painted it) in front of thousands of unknown eyes, I also put my song there that way
(after I've made it)
it is as easy an as simple as that

I can not speak, I can not talk I can only write an I can only sing perhaps I should've sung a song
but that wouldn't a been right either

for I was given an award not to sing
but rather on what I have sung

no what I should've said was "thank you very much ladied an gentlemen"
yes that is what I should've said

an I didn't because I did not know

I thought something else was expected of me other than just sayin "thank you" an I didn't know what it was it is a fierce heavy feelin thinkin somethin is expected of you but you dont know what exactly it is .... it brings forth a weird form of guilt

I should've remembered
"I am BOB DYLAN an I dont have to speak" "I dont have t say nothin if I dont wanna" but
I didn't remember

I constantly asked myself while eatin supper
"what should I say? what should I tell'm?" "everybody else is gonna tell'm somethin" but I could not answer myself I even asked someone who was sittin nex t me an he couldn't tell me either, my mind blew up an needless t say I had t get it back in its rightful shape (whatever that might be) an so
I escaped from the big room.... only t hear my name being shouted an the words "git in here," "git in here" overlappin with the findin of my hand being pulled across hundreds of tables with the lights turned on strong.... guidin me back t where I tried t escape from "what should I say? what should I say?" over an over again

oh God, I'd a given anything not t be there
"shut the lights off at least" people were coughin an my head was poundin an the sounds of mumble jumble sank deep in my skull from all sides of the room until I tore everything loose from my mind
an said "just be honest, dylan, just be honest"

an so I found myself in front of the plank like I found myself once in the path of a car an I jumped....
jumped with all my bloody might just tryin t get out o the way
but first screamin one last song

when i spoke of Lee Oswald, I was speakin of the times I was not speakin of his deed if it was his deed the deed speaks for itself but I am sick so sick
at hearin "we all share the blame" for every church bombing, gun battle, mine disaster, poverty explosion, an president killing that comes about it is so easy t say "we" an bow our heads together I must say "I" alone an bow my head alone for it is I alone who is livin my life I have beloved companions but they do not
eat nor sleep for me an even they must say "I" yes if there's violence in the times then there must be violence in me
I am not a perfect mute
I haer the thunder an I cant avoid hearin it once this is straight between us, it's then an only then that we can say "we" an really mean
it.... an go on from there t do something about it

When I spoke of Negroes I was speakin of my Negro friends from harlem an jackson
selma an birmingham
atlanta, pittsburgh, an all points east west, north, south an wherever else they might happen t be i rat filled rooms an dirt land farms schools, dimestores, factories, pool halls an street corners the ones that dont own trees
but know proudly they dont have to
not one little bit

they dont have t be like they naturally aint t get what they naturally own no more'n anybody
else does it only gets things complicated an leads people into thinkin the wrong things black skin is black skin it cant be covered by clothes an made t seem acceptable, well liked an respectable.... t teach that or t think that just tends the flames of another monster myth.... it is naked black skin an nothin else if a Negro has t wear a tie t be a Negro then I must cut off all ties with who he has t do it for
I do not know why I wanted t say this that nite
perhaps it was just one of the many things in my mind
born from the confusion of my times

when I spoke about the people that went t Cuba
I was speakin of the free right t travel
I am not afraid t see things
I challenge seein things
I am insulted t the depths of my soul when someone I dont know commands that I cant see this an gives me mysterious reasons
why I'll get hurt if I do see it.... tellin me at the same time about goodness an badness in people that again I dont know....
I've been told about people all my life about niggers, kikes, wops, bohunks, spicks, chinks, an I been told how they eat, dress, walk, talk, steal, rob an kill but nobody tells me how any of'm cries or laughs or kisses, I'm fed up with most newspapers, radios, tv an movies an the like t tell me, I want now t see an know for myself.... an I accepted that award for all others like me who want t see for themselves.... an who dont want that God-given right taken away stole away or snuck out from beneath them yes a travel ban in the south would protect Americans more, I'm sure, than the one t Cuba but in all honesty I would want t crash that one too do you understand? do you really understand? I mean I want t see. I want t see all I can every place there is t see it my life carries eyes an they're there for one reason
the reason t see thru them

my country is the Minnesota - North Dakota territory that's where I was born an learned how t walk an it's where I was born an learned how t walk an it's where I was raised an went t school.... my youth was spent wildly among the snowy hills an sky blue lakes, willow fields an abandoned open pit mines, contrary t rumors, I am very proud of where I'm from an also the many blood streams that run in my roots but I would not be doing what I'm doing today if I hadn't come t New York. I was given my direction from new york. I was fed in new york. I was beaten down by new york an I was picked up by new york. I was made t keep going on by new york. I'm speakin now of the people I've met who were strugglin for their lives an other peoples' lives in the thirties an forties an the fifties
an look t their times I reach out t their times so, in a sense, I'm jealous of their times t think I have no use for old people is a betrayin thought those that know me know otherwise those that don't, probably're baffled
like a friend of mine, jack elliot, who says he was reborn in Oklahoma, I say I was reborn in New York....
there is no age limit stuck on it
an no one is more conscious of it than I

yes it's a fierce feeling, knowing something you dont know about's expected of you, but it's worse if you blindly try t follow with explodin words (for that's all they can do is explode) an the explodin words're misunderstood
I've heard I was misunderstood

i do not apologize for myself nor for my fears I do not apologize for any statement which led some t believe "oh my God! I think he's the one
that really shot the president"

I am a writer an a singer of the words I write A am no speaker nor any politician an my songs speak for me because i Write them in the confinement of my own mind an gave t cope with no one except my own self. I dont have t face anyone with them until long after they're done

no I do not apologize for being me nor any part of me

but I can return what is rightfully yours at any  given time, I have stared at it for a long while now. it is a beautiful award, there is a kindness t mr Paine's face an there is almost a sadness in his smile. his trials show thru his eyes. I know really not much about him but somehow I would like t'sing for him. there is a gentleness in his way yes thru all my flounderin wildness, I am, when it comes down to it, very proud that you have given this t me. I would hang it high, an let my friends see in it what I see, but I also would give it back, if you wish. There is no sense in keeping it if you're made a mistake in givin it. fir it means more'n any
story bought thing and it'd only be cheetin t keep it

also I did not know that the dinner was a donation dinner. I did not know you were gonna ask anyone for money, an I understand you lost money on the masterful way I expressed myself.... then I am in debt t you not a money debt but rather a moral debt if you'd sold me something then it'd be a money debt but you sold nothin, so it's a moral debt an moral debts're worse'n money debts for they have t be paid back in whatever is missing an in this case it's money

please send me a bill
an I shall pay it no matter what the sum
I have a hatred of debts an want to be even in the best way I can
you needn't think about this, for money mens
very little t me

so then
I'll return once again t the road

I can't tell you why other people write, but I write in order to keep from going insane my head, I expect'd turn inside out if my hands were t leave me

but i hardly ever talk about why I write, an I scarcely ever think about it, the thought of it is  too alarmin

an I never ever talk about why I speak but that's because I never do it. this is the first time I am talkin about it.... an I pray the last
the thought of doing it again is too scary


ha! it's a scary world but only once in a while huh?

I love you all up there an the ones i dont love it's only because I do no know them an have not seen them.... God it's so hard hatin it. it's so tiresome.... an after hatin something to death, it's never worth the bother and trouble

out! out! brief candle life's but an open window an I must jump back thru it now  	 	 	see yuh
respectfully an unrespectfully
bob dylan



for sis and gordon an all broads of good sizes

let me begin by not beginning let me start not by startin but by continuin it sometimes gets so hard for me
I am now famous
I am now famous by the rules of the public famiousity
it snuck up on me an pulverized me .... I never knew what was happenin it is hard for me t walk down the same streets
I did before the same way because now I truly dont know who is waitin for my autograph... I dont know if I like givin my autobiograph oh yes sometimes I do .... but other times the back of my mind tells me
it is not honest.... for I am just fulfillin a myth t somebody who'd actually treasure my handwritin more'n his own handwritin....
this gets very complicated for me an proves t me that I am livin in a contradiction.... t quote mr froyd I get quite paranoyd.... an I know this isn't right it is not useful healthy attitude for one t have but I truly believe that everybody has their fears everybody yes everybody....
I do not think it good anymore t overlook them I think they ought t be admitted.... an I think that all feelings should be admitted....
people ask why do I write the way I do how foolish hos monsterish a question like that hits me....
it makes me think that I'm doin nothin it makes me think that I'm not being heard yes above all the mumble jumble an rave praises an all the records I've sold.... thru all the packed houses I play.... thru all the communication systems an rants an bellows an yellin an clappin comes a statement like "Why do you do what you do" what is this?
some kind of constipated idiot world? some kind of horseshoe game we're all playin respondin only when a ringer clangs no no no not my world everybody plays in my world aint nobody first second third or fourth everybody shoots at the same time an ringers dont count an everybody wins an nobody loses cause everybody lives an breathes an takes up space an cant be overlooked an I am a people too I cannot pretend I'm not an I feel guilty
god how can I help not feel guilty I walk down on the bowery and give money away an still I feel guilty for I know I do not have enuff money t give away....
an people say "think a yourself, dylan, you're gonna need it someday" an I say yeah yeah an I think maybe about it for a split second but then the floods of vomit guilt swoop my drunken head an I spread forth more gut torn bloody money from the depths of my forsaken
pockets.... an I whisper "ah it's so useless" man so many people need so many things an what am I anyway? some kind of messiah walkin around....? hell no I'm not
an I ask why dont other people with things give some of it away an I know the answer without lookin security security security.... everybody wants security they want t be secure they want t be protected an I say protected? protected against what?
protected against starvin I guess an power too
an protected against the forces that they know will get them if they lose their money ah why does it have t be like that?
man why are these walls built? who is this god that is so feared? certainly not in my life this isnt yes I have my fears but mine are the fears of the mind. the fears of the head
a lonely person with money is still a lonely person I had never had much money before an so it is easy for me I guess t spend it an overlook it
but I'm sure that many other people could overlook some of theirs too
I'm not speakin now of the century ridin millionares but rather of "get theirs and get out" people
I dont understand them I dont understand them at all there's many things I admit I dont understand I dont understand the blacklist
I dont understand how people against it go along
with it
I'm talkin about the full thing not just a few of us refusin t be on the show I'm talkin about the people that stand up against it violently an then in some way have something t do with it....
not just the singers mind you but the managers an agents an buyers an sellers.... they are the dishonest ones for the are never seen the play both sides against each other
an expect t be respected by everybody

the heroes of this battle are not me an Joan an the Kingston Trio nor Peter Paul an Mary for none of us need it go on that show none of us really *need* that kind of dumbness but there's some that could use it for they could use the money
I mean people like Tom Paxton, Barbara Dane, an Johnny Herald.... the are the heroes if such a word has t be used here they are the ones that lose materialistically ah yes but in their own minds they dont an that is much more important it means much more we need more kind a people like that people that cant go against their conscience
no matter what they might gain an I've come to think that that might be the most important thing in the whole wide world....
not going against your conscience nor your own natural senses for I think that that is all the truth there is.... an no more thre all the gossip, lies, religions, cults muths, gods, history books, social books, all books politics decrees, rules, laws, boudarie lines, bibles, legends, an bathroom writings, there is no guidance at all except from ones natural senses from being born an it can only be exchanged it cant be preached nor sold nor even understood....

my mind sometimes runs like a roll of toilet paper an I hate like hell t see it unravel an unwind
at my empty walls I'm movin out a here soon yes the landlord has beaten me it hurts me t tell you. this place I'm typin in is so filthy my clothes cover the floor an once on a while I pick up somethin an use it for a blanket.... the damn heat goes off at ten that's mornin wise
gushes of warm smelly heat always wake me up when I sleep here the plaster falls constantly an the floor is tiltin an rottin but somehow there is a beauty to it columbia records gave me a record player oh the goodness of some keeps on amazin me an sometimes I play it. gettin back t the landlord tho he is really too much he owns I guess three buildings I pay him way too high an I'm gettin screwed an I know it an he knows it but I just dont have the time t go down t the rent control board. I been told they'd get after him but I'm so lazy. when sue was here he was gonna jack up the prize cause he said I never told him I had a wife. you really got t see this place t believe it. I ought a've jacked him up a long time ago an used him for heat. last year he put in a new window (there was a god damn hole in the other one) man it was like I asked 'm for his blood relation or something (which he'd probably give away) anyway the record player's one now an I'm listenin t Pete sing Guantanamera for the billionth time. I don't have many folk music records (I dont have many records really) but I do have that one of Pete's. god it's like I go in a trance he is so human I could cry he tells me so much he makes me feel so good it's as tho all of the things that're sold t make one feel better, aint none of it worth while. all the cars, an clothes, an trinkets an food, an jewels an diamonds an lollypops an gifts of glad tidings, just dont do nothin for the soul. I believe I'd rather listen to Pete sing Guantanamera than t own everything there is t own,...
(that's my own private selfishness shinin thru there) yes for me he is truly a saint an I love him perhaps more than I could show
(as always is the case ha) I think of love in weird terms. sometimes I even feel guilty about it because I know I love sue but I should love everybody like I love sue an in all honesty I dont I just love her that way an I say what way? an a voice says "that way" an I get quite up tite an I know I have a long way t go when the day comes when I can love everything that breathes the way I love sue then I will truly be a Jesus Christ ha ha (but I dont wanna be a Jesus Christ ha ha) an so I am again contradictin meself away away be gone all you demons an just let me be me human me
wild me gentle me
all kinds of me

saw the last issue of broadside an especially flipped out over
"talkin Merry Christmas"
I have never met Paul Wolfe but I'd like to he has an uncanny sense of touch as for Phil, I just cant keep up with him
an he's gettin better an better an better
(spoke with someone who was with him in Hazzars named Hamish Sinclair.... an englishman of high virtues and common tongue) I want t get over an see Phil's baby I'm told the girl came out yellin about the bomb. good girl

my novel is going noplace absolutely noplace like it dont ever tell a story it's about a million scenes long an takes place on a billion scraps of paper.... certainly I can't make nothin out of it.
(oh I forgot. hallelujah t you for puttin Brecht in your same last issue. he should be as widely known as Woody an should be as widely read as Mecky Spalline
as an widely listened to as Eisenhower.)

anyway I'm writin a play out of this here so called novel (navel would be better I guess) an I'm up to my belly button in it. quite involved yes
I've discovered the power of playwritin means as opposed t song writing means altho both are equal, I'm wrapped in playwritin for the minute my songs tell only about me an how I fell but in the play all the characters tell how the feel. I realize that this might be more confusin for some but in the total reality of things it might be much better for some too. I think at best you could say that the characters well tell in an hour
what would take me, alone, two weeks t sing about

I shall get up t see you one of these days just cause I haven't in a while please dont think I'm not with you. I am with you more'n ever. yours perhaps is the only paper that I am on the
side of every single song you print an I am with with with you

my nite is closing again now an I shall drift off in dreams an climb velvet carpets up t the stars with newsweek magazines burnin an disappointin people smoulderin an discustin tongues blazin an jealous mongrel dogs walkin on hot coals before my smilin unharmful eyes
(of such nitemares)

an I shall wake in the mornin an try t start lovin again

I got a letter from Pete an he closed by sayin "Take it easy but take it" I thought about that for an hour or more when I reached my conclusion of what it really meant I either cried or laughed (I cant remember which) I will repeat the same an add "give it easy but give it" an I'll think about that for an hour an at the either cry or laugh (I'll write you another letter an tell you which
one it is)

all right then faretheewell shaloom an vamoose I'm off again
off t the hazzards an lost angels an minneapolicemen an boss town an burnin hams an everything else combines and combustioned for me....
tryin t remain same at all times

love t agnes she is one of the true talents of the universe I've always thought that an would like t see her again some time

love t everybody in your house

see yuh  	 	 	 	      softly an sleepy  	 	 	 	      but ready an waitin

Bob Dylan


a snap a the fingers in the face of time brought the clocks to a halt brought the hour t its end brought the the village bells toll the an the flags at half mast they're a wavin

Of his personal life I proclaim to know nothin an unconscious comparison will sleep in my mind between the followin ones an their daughters and sons with politics havin nothin t do with it an unconscious comparison now sleeps in my mind
___________

please if your not sure pray not for death on what you hear    skills are cheap an men are mortal an the hills're steep
for men are mortal an skills are cheap

you curse fast when the odds are good an run your tongue as a dagger blade into the soul that needs no wound

rap rap rap upon my door
___________

I skipped a rock across a pond an watched the water ripple once an the stone sank fast ... much too fast for such an arm
as strong as mine
___________

no reach in sight mama. there is no reach.
yes, the long arm prances high           mighty           and even daring but according t the wind today   there are no pockets waitin           an the breeze has even built it's wall    down with tryin.  down with tryin ... so hard   up with forgetness ... an unknown regrettin        forgiveness. not forgettin    an then will the same sun rise tomorrow? I pray your fingers'll stay deep in step all but when nite's cradle passes leavin all bird's songs undone: please do not crucify the dawn by grabbin for it ... uh uh an it is only me that tells only you       for the swingin of your arms         is all that I need t see           if you could               only               believe that ....
___________

LeRoy was the kind a boy that listened t his ma's advice when she said "LeRoy stand up tall in front of who you're standin to an you shall never be in chains for they'll not try not even once for they'll know of you there is no hope t swing around your neck a rope" an LeRoy did what his mother told he stood up tall so tall an bold In a room of peers he couldn't allow t chain his neck tho he couldn't see how they could do it anyway he stood up so tall that the roof gave way an he stuck his head out in the day leavin his peers down there below an he heard the doors slam in the house an he saw the cars drive away
___________

On the street a the city I happened t be walkin
When I spied a crowd watchin a political rally
I immediately started in it's noisy direction
An soon was surrounded by many a person
Who I guess were there for the same curious reasons
I made my way forward as the banners was wavin
Til I stood directly in front a the platform
As the people was shovin an the flags was a flyin
An as the crowd grew larger the band played louder
An I was bumped an thumped an pushed an grabbed
I waited for the speech by the good politician
Who'se name was plastered on the papers an posters
But nobody spoke and no speech was given
Just the trumpets an drums on a tuxedo suit singer
Who sang the same song over an over
An finally after forty five minutes
The air was gettin thinner an thinner
An I pushed my way out t the sound a the singer
An the song he was singin was "Lady Be Good"
An the hour was high sundown
An the day was low Sunday


deare larry.
have no sports car. weather., good. traffic moving slowly thru tunnel.
breeze is from the west an I ahah am goin t france tomorrow. have t look thru all my pants pockets an collect things t send t you. as of now I am in the midst of destroyin all I've
done (I've even crashed my old typewriter t pieces an have burned my pens into little tiny plastic statues)
I know I will send you something one of these days.
all I have t do is finish something t send you.
in any case, if I am poisened or framed or kilt orratted on I will will will you some edgar lee masters? type (bob dylan written) poems of grand embarassment. thelonius monk grand style grand (me upright) the world's fair begun down there.
I'm gone.
Sailin on (across the sone) son, sawn. dawn. anyway I'm gone.
I'm up here.
my adress is me-bearsville. just got back from trip t boston area. sung songs at providence. amhearst. arrived in amhearst with 15 friends from cambridge. left providence with 15 friends from providence. ditched them on highway tho. (yes I pledge alliegence t the luckyness of havin some so many friends.) an here's t the republic.
up the irish.
ah yes my flag has turned into one color. who fast? me fast? choking? ha you must be joking. I'm not turnin. burnin. maybe smokin. not running cunning. not me.
I aint none of them things. not me. yes most deffinately would like t borrow cabin at big sur. cant say when. sometime. wham.
it just hit me.
I do got things of songs an stories for you.
my hangup is tho that I know there will be more. I want t send the more more then I want t send the got. yes I guess that's it.
that's it in a nutshell pruneskin. that's the whole story. nothin but the truth. nothin but the nothin. would've liked t spent more time in san francisco. would like t spend more time in many places. sometime I will. someday I will. tomorrow. yeah tomorrow.
I a, in a strange light alright. I remember a few years ago.
tramping. bummin. ridin the rods all wrong.
hitchhiking (pretending stock markets crashin all over me) thru the ever ready usa. guitar on my back. my thoughful tool. yes an the only thing I wished was that someday I'd be able t come back t these fucked up shootin gallery pay me for my playin coffee houses. coffee bars. oh how I used t hope that someday if nothin else. I'd have enuff friends or know the right people t survive with my head at least as groovy as theirs ... man.
I never got a chance. I got a motorcycle tho.
but unlike the last ones I had on south dakota an minnesota roads, this one's for the fields.
so you see, after all, I'm not really going all that fast.
you cant go too fast in the fields you know. the only thing that's wrong is that there's no fuckin motels. absolutely no advertising.
I'm the first one hit by the forest fires an god knows that a fallout shelter'd be insane. terrible buzzard flies an my front steps all loaded with killed dear
hit by cars ... yet I still wave t airplanes an shit like that (what whit like that?) so I'm not all bad. all good. would? yes I've chopped much wood.
I'll write you later an send clippings from my head. as for now there's a horn honkin. must be for me.
hhhmmmmmmmmm. or however you spell that. will be in france for awhile.
someplace where they dont read life magazine. of course I'll be back tho. an will be out in sanfrancisco again.
I have nothin t do. an no place t go. fretheewell. faretheegoodbye. say hi for me. say hi t anybody see you then
comemoratin    figitatin                 agitatin    satined                     positivelyated
homogenized. egg creamed. pie in the faced
egg in the eyed               untied. complyed. plywooded. do-gooded. hooded.                  lamp shaded understated hated backdated
muscatelled. muscatold musca went wrong someplace                        displaced. cock traced
embraced umbraced ohbraced                          church laced                            straight faced                      an all that                            yes

see you then                                    gently

on the 21st
sometime

dear mummy   it's me here. i'm up in woodstock at uncle alby's. nice house you oughta be here. swimming pool. all that stuff. i'm with you-know-who.
dick an mimi're also around the place but i've hardly seen them sinse you-know-who got a hold on me. mummy you must believe me.
i was gonna stay at the foremans as planned i mean i was all set to an everything.
anyway when me an mimi got t town an right away first thing we  did was t go there. an you know me i was tired and it was already past noon an well i fuigered
like t get t sleep you know an well i got in t bed y'know an jesus i pulled back the blankets an who do you think was hiding under under the quilt? yeah him. i mean like i don't know if you'll believe me or not but i swear t gawd he was rolled up like a ball inside the pillow. mummy, i shit. the first thing i did was t call for mimi. mimi came running down the hall but do you think it did anygood?
you-know-who just slowly stood up an jumped on the floor. mummy, his hair had grown down past his waist, he was wearing this monster sweater that stank like he hadn't taken a bath for a year. mummy, he was terrible. i mean like even alfredo the cuban was heard t comment later "ay tairdbil"
(aye, que terrible) anyway, mimi saw him there an she turned an ran. mummy, she just turned an ran. you-know-who didn't waste any time let me tell yuh. he threw me on the bed like some kind of caveman. (he hadn't shaved for about four days mummy. honest t gawd. four days!) an you know how tired i get.
i mean like i was in no position t fight.
an he wa sayin something. he was sayin like i never heard before. i mean like i never heard it in any movie. i mean like he was sayin "hey c'mon hey c'mon" over an over again. hey an you know me like i just fall like an anvil. clunge. when it comes t new things that i aint never heard before. i mean like i don't want you t think he's (you-know-who) influenced me or nuthin mummy i just fall into all these traps. maybe that second shrink was right. maybe i DONT know myself as i should know myself. maybe he was right when he said "Joannie darling, you just don't know yourself" anyway, you-know-who, for lack of better word, just about seized me. it wasnt like any captain kid came swirling down from the masttype thing but still it was kind of wierd. i mean he really did sort of take me by surprise.
i mean like what would you do? i mean i fought an everythin. mummy i fought him no end. i bit the shit out of his nose. kicked him where it really hurts. clawed the back of his neck till blood came out a his bellybutton. mummy, i blew so hard in his ear, i thought his eyes would pop out. but then he did this dumb thing. i mean like he was still sayin "hey c'mon, c'mon" but then also too now he started reciting poetry.

like it was about the time i was scratching an trying t bend his elbow off he started calling me ramona. i swear at first i thought it was some game. he kept sayin things like "no use trying" an words like "exist" an mummy i swear he even mentioned something about crack country lips.
mummy, i couldn't fight.
i mean like i just couldn't fight. yeah like so i passed out. yeah an i woke up here. aint played a concert for a month. manny is calling perpetually. victor keeps answering the phone an says "no, she aint here" in a funny voice an you-know-who doesn't say nothin excpt "everything's all right" an "nuthin matters" yeah well i gotta go. you-know-who's making this movie an he wants me t rub his head while he gets ready. all in all everything i guess is ok. house is coming along. oh, i signed over my car t you-know who.
yeah, he said it'd take a lot of worry off my mind about owning things an well ... it has a little i guess.
i wouldn't mind that too much but well ... you-know-who sold the car. he says that's better that way cause now i wont be pesterin him t let me drive it. mummy, he's the worst driver in the world. i swear i nearly have a bird everytime he takes me t the shrink. my shrink hates him but that's another story an i'll write you later about it.     ok then faretheewell

manard solomon says hello an keeps asking when you're coming back
ok 'bye
an dont worry bout me none

oh, p.p.s     i gave that little tiny picture of me     t you-know-who an he posted it on top
of his ford station wagon interior

mummy, i'm fine       dont worry about me please       everything passes everything changes        oh, mummy mummy I love you so much       oh mummy
give regards t brice an pauline

oh oh! here comes you-know-who
i dont want him t catch me writin          t you          gotta go               luv yuh

Joannie


oh how I got your letter this morning ... (troubled times yes) why aren't you here. why aren't you hear (here) ah the good an happy times slay me. do they slay you. who are you.
I mean really now. (you know I dont).
do you write poetry as well as paint. (I read your letter twice.
my friend is readin it now. (I claim you to be one of thee great disrobed artists. (your texas blood disturbs me) ... say hi t John faulk.
tell him I dont mind that he grabbed my leg.
tell him I dont mind at all.
as for you, my leg is out anytime.
I'll even close my eyes. have you hitch hiked long?
stop soon tho' huh.
we need you on the lines. we need you at home. hey, we need you with us. get the fuck off the highway. (a fine spade chick just walked by.) write out a bunch of letters. (she has plaster in her eyes.) send them by mail (an she is cryin) an that's all you gotta do. (I think she was cryin; where is denton texas. I was in dallas three weeks ago. passin thru. (up tite?) no slushin thru. (wierd)  mozze-in thru. pullin in a gas station outside of dallas... "hi killer. fill 'er up" ... "yeh yeh yes sir. right away sir" ... have you ever rode on number 287 highway.
have you ever been in witchita falls?
it is rainin here today.
new york is a lonesome town. (as the forsakeness of high degree romance overtakes me.) my poor embeded soul.
mu lusty soul. (tell me about my soul.)
I said tell me ... click. (oh these humphrey bogart weegy words at times do bury me. why did you think that I might think that you thought i thunk you were for a second an ivy joe? (wow!) you dirty ivy joe. do you actually know any ivy joes?
I know what a grassy john is explainin what color you eyes are to me. tell me how you walk.
yes talk t me. forgive (please forgive) me an my directions if you never hear any echo back again. (fuck the echoes) ...
I have heard your echo by that you know (must know?) that you must've heard me. yes heard me at one time or another. sometime I will talk t you (as opposed to 'shall') if only my time was mine.
right? (jesus christ anyway.) hey I'll see you sometime. sometime on a strange nite. when the leaves're blowin. an it's close t shiverin.
when the headlights pass above the bluff yeah (yeah?) yes I'll meet you by the crossing. the criss crossin on the edge of town. in the brown dust. (sneezin) an you can sing love poems in my ears. I will tell you how I see the outline of the sky. (yes we will walk all the way t california. t salinas. (no. t sanfrancisco.) anyway ...
I know you wont get killed waitin for me.
We will just be gettin up the same time on the same day an eventually (oh god) meet? at the same place. (come come now mr. dylan) I'm comin ... hey I'm always comin. an the so well oh wow therefore ahah what by far - I mean t say is that i cant think right now of t much to say. you have caught me with drowsy thoughts.
I'm going out t ride the ferris wheel.
yes there's one down the street an my driver is waitin.
write me another letter.
I will receive it. an you know I will read it .... hey, so long           an I see you then              me ... muzzled? an puzzled                       hustled                          rustled
in an out
reeferized homogenized                    tenderized ... cocained                             gas stained                      high brained an half trained                           tell me more
(signed 'Bob Dylan')


my life, yes, could be better by you. an also martha an the vandellas. (yes it's true I answer all fan mail.) I shall concede t the fact I think you are a true poet.
as for my afternoons, they are spent on the smilin highways.
the hysterical street corners.
the mad blushin (russian) ever-flowin flacky snowbanks. do you dig major lance? oh gawd (oh god) you have t dig major lance.
I am tappin in time t monkey time. I am swirlin in "you get yours I'll get mine" an then the music begins t play. an the forsaken echo of gettin ready prancin.
prancin. it fills (believe it or not) this whole fuckin room.
I am out in jersey.  new jersey.
New Jersey?
I am swarmin in the suberbs.
we have invaded the home of a writer friend of mine.
his kids an my friends an his wife an my kids (all of us) yes we are runnin wild with all windows open dancin dancin.
flyin around this house. marvin gaye. do you know "who" marvin gaye is? he's singin' now. about somewitness. he's gotta get a witness. he's gotta get a witness and me?  me - i gotta get a witness too.
all of us ha yes all of us. we all gotta get witnesses. you ask of my notes.
are you askin of MY nite or my NITES? hey, my nites are nothin. I stay up sometimes all nite.
sometimes I even go t sleep before nite comes. before nite falls. before nitefall. come fast, you dope fiend angel. you methedrene pen pal lover. (you freaky lad sister) of (of course) mounin mournin mornin glory seacher of jesus. do you dig jesus? yes, tho, come an save my poor (my poor me) lifeless body, limp on joannie's strange bed.
my eyes are blue. sometimes they (I'm told) turn green. why do you write such short words.
I have nothin t do.
I have nothin t do at all.
i dont even have sometimes something t do. I never have nothin t do. (ah but I do so many things) do you do alot of things? tell me how many things you do. do you greet people on the street? (how's your soul today?) do you talk t the neighbors? (what do yuh mean, 'what do I mean by the  word-soul?' just what d yuh mean what do I mean by that anyway?) you must ask for cigarettes someplace (ok, ok for you. then I wont ask  you again) what are you doing in texas?
I dont know what the fuck I spend my rainfalls like.
I gaze out of cathedral windows when I can.
at other times I gaze up at them from the rainy street. an at other times I just think of them as I know them from rainly (rainy memories). remembrances of water soaked days. yes an recollections of foggy wanderings to and fro. up and down. around an about. here and there. ahah i would like t meet you. I would like t meet you as I fade out. as I lastly laugh. as I turn an smile. an say farewell. come an jump on me.
come an leep on me from a tall building.
I will be high so it wont matter. I'll even buy you an airplane permit. what do you do for christsake crizake crise ache down there in where you live. write t me nex time at bobdylan box 125 fairsfield, bearsville, new york. yes you see, I get most letters like you write directed there. it is my official allen ginsberg adress.  (even he, yes writes t me. in fast form. so I'll get it quickly, there.) you write there too.
I'll madly rip your letter open in the dusty driveway of the 1p10 post-office. tear it savigely an read it droolin an spittin.
I will dance down the almost forgotten dirtroad wavin insanely your letter. yes write t me again.
there is for you much t write. (as for me. my writin is too muchly as it is) I have t run.
I have t run here.
I have t stop.
I have t jack off my digingness an stroke my uptiteness.
I have t think of my lovin memories.
I have t go breathe on the innocent front porch. I have t go breathe innocently.
it's quiet there an I know in front that it's quiet.
perhaps that's why I have t go there. in any case, the paper is growin dizzy on me.
an my words (t say anything at all) are sting together.

write an tell me more                     I am in your bed                       so please watch your head                        mornin is such a bring down                            faretheewell then
I'll see you

breakin feardy worlds                  makin wierdy girls
(is that it?)
Signed five times in three margins, a sixth signature has been cut out.


hi there. gee it was good t hear from you.
How're the kids?
the weather here is just beautiful. maggy caught a duck the other day. little suzy is five now. you oughta hear her talk. jesus willikers she can walk an do all the stuff. she comes in her pants at five years old an keeps  asking when you're coming back. me?
I'm ok.
fell down the chimney tryin t fix a flat but other than that I'm still up an at 'm.
a hard rain rottled all my onions last week. gonna write a song about it when I get the time. jerry ate too many cream puffs an blew up. we tried t feed him pills but nothin worked. we buried him at the bottom of the pool. "strange algee growin" said martha when she gazed out from the diving board.
you remember martha. funny little chick hung up on masterbating in tin can. yeah well, she saw jerry down there an shit. the pool's pretty funky now. this yul brynner looking spade that hangs out at worlds fair is scheduled to come clean at it at four o'clock.
we're all just sittin round waiting for him.
nothin new is happenin. doctor zen says hello.
I told him you were off in oklahoma. he says no she's not.
i say ok i dig. there is no oklahoma. he says you asshole there is no she. i say ok ok he says hi to her.. doc gets wierd sometimes. he stuffs lsd in his turban most everyday an is workin on doing summersault experiments while blowing his nose thru glass tube.
currently he's expecting t come up with a new formula for cross breeding belly hairs with rattlesnakes. all in all everybody's been quite busy. you oughta see Ramar von Cringe do his new act.
Highly top secret am not composed enuff t tell about it except that sky gets black every time he does it.
jinx and her dog both got draged by high flyin railroad train not too soon ago.
jinx fell off in new jersey. dog i hear dog ride an rode t florida. lastly we heard he was in Mexico. livin with poncho lookin senorita round guantonovistima square. oh forgeot t tell you. geno an hugh discovered they were writing the same book. did pillow feathers fly around here for a week. geno left carrying stash in open elbow wound down highway 95 in early mornin. depressed? goddam you shoulda seen him.
doctor zen just laughed said "see yuh later geno" geno never heard. hugh sits with high powered binoculars up totem pole. just sits there. aint ate for a week. guilty? oh god we try t pull him out of it but he just mumble somethin about that he cant understand. that's he seems t say "i cant understand i cant unnerstand". neibors say they can hear him at nite. i think he's sayin "a cannon hurts sand" a cannon hurts sand but i dont speak too loud an keep the thought t myself dont hurt no feelings that way an doc says its good for one t talk t oneself. oh, the greatest thing happened t mary lou you know-who.
she picked up some wanted posters at the post office an went out bounty hunting.
caught this cat who robbed tennessee dentist of 20 pounds of gold.
chased him thru lincoln tunnel going 50 hair blowing.
dress flying. trapped him finally in connecticut deserted mine shaft. she took off her clothes an he came out with his arms open. takin off shirts an pants. she kicked his balls with boot she bought in texas. the cat just keeled over an moans. hit the front pages round here. poor outlaw layin on ground. mouth twisted out of shape. mary lou you-know-who standing over him looking like teddy rovevelt. yeah well i gotta go. we're filming a movie in about an hour. i gotta play humprey bogart. things looking up a little as some fellow yesterday offered me record contract.
zelda flipped. says t do it. me? i'm not too sure. i ask Anthello what he thinks an he tells me two a n two never make four. not so muchs as ( ------ ) myself thinking about it too seriously. i disappear in dostoevsky books dont come back til sundown. have still got my eyes on the future an am not letting go of my visions t make it with terry thomas. my friend mavis says it's possible but might have t go thru peter sellers first.
i ask her what she means by that an she say the answer is blowing in the wind. i've always knew she was crazy but the chick has gone outright loony.           anyway
watch them indians out there               an remember                  nothin's right                      write
meme.

Aleu

the goodest god


Unsigned.


so there i was. riding on this umbrella. omaha passed gaily. daily i shouted t going by friends "hey hey dig me can you dig me on this umbrella. can you do it can you do it?" rememberin i had no friends anyway in nebraska i decided t cool my energy. whishin hopin thinkin sucking huummmmmm feeling grabbing. stabbing. pulling scathing snathin snellin smelling jump humping licking fucking wondering no hope thisaway not this time that time yuhp uh huh that's the way t get 'm.
then heeeee'llllll be yoarssssssssss.
whishin and a hoping hopin rather gather me?
me open.
not scared up there. ol bee jay rides by. texas sweatshirt lost he says. linda bee jay on shoulders shitting down his neck. "nice day parder" he says all of a sudden looking like a chinaman. i say "you men PARDNER, doncha buddy?"
he says "while shore" just then, this buzzard with frank sinatra's face on, if you look closly, comes flying out the poverty pavilion. circles the sky. throws out a few care packages of gorilla shit. smiles. opens her mouth and her tongue reads "bang". flies low over all our heads. ol bee jay shook us all that day i'm not ashamed t say.
he just lean down on the ground. picked up a handful of dirt. "land" he called it. he just stood there. weiving back and forth. let the dirt seep slowly thru his fingers.
mumbled something about his back being smelly am said: "thas mah little
lady theh" yes an its been ever sinse that day that i have become t wonder about just WHO should be allowed t sit on OUR shoulders. many times has been the nite when i have had cause t wonder deeply an most deliberately about these uncaused sensations. at off beat measures, they seem t be unconsciously eating me. anyway today finally now i decide t do something about it. yeah i'm gonna run for office i decide. i walk to the door an start running.
i bump into fuller brush salesmen two at a time. all fall down. get up sorry now. "howdy i'm running for office" they smile. i buy five toothbrushes an a ring for my kitchen sink. "don't put it on your fingers" they say as wave goodbye. me? i stick it dog's mouth travel on. "i guess i showed them" back on umbrella again by evening time i forget all about this running for office i fly around circus style. watch for cave ins an dont be too good to nobody. they might get wrong idea. sneer at graveyard. make patty cake thank you mam good gawd son is at London bridge about t go? i mix up crazy phantoms.
exchange their eyes bust into plate glass predictions. get in two timed position.
try t make it with the manacans. mocasins hurling every which way.
see at a glance i mistaked mistooken inian indian's joe for j.c.penny any. i get chopped off head no hair under armpit. go dancing back t where i'm better known. arrive in a flurry. hurry bring tools. what? me worry? my head back on backwards i stumble out door. wave bye bye get hit by loose lion. knock down cop comes. old cop. says what's wrong with your head. i call him kimosabee in broken french. arrests me as a trespasser.
i say i'm folksinger in real life. he dont wanna hear it. i say i'm poet storyteller. he grabs my throat. says theres a noose waiting. i say i got influence round here.
he swings at my heart with fiery billy club. i kill him leave him lay there.
paint muscateer on forehead so noone recognize him. head off for points unknown. wishin hopin thinkin see picture of dusty springfield in closed out record store.
people point t me tho.
they're all pointin at me tho. "there's dusty springfield" they yell.
i say ok i dig that. chase me muthafucker. wham zoom fall in running river on edge of town. small town. everyone knows each other.
hey aint that dusty springfield at jes fall down in that ther o water. not me t care tho. got much t do. seeds all sowed. corns in. aint had much rain but the tractor's comein soon i hear tell. keep rememberin messages of the city. was there some time not ago. roar thru. dont never again live there no more. used to but not now know for sure. east side my own first old east side.
same east side.
village has moved over. village unbelievable. me lucky lucky.

an god's own pillars've even turned t rust      sugar tastes bitter. salt is sweet      ramming bali ligosi girls on the tails of mice          rats ring the bells          truth dont lie in the alley dead          bums dont die
cleopatra's sister opens her mouth at the manhole      tries t grab mayor wagner's son      he him an them got better things t do
everybody takes the clap for syphlis
an hank williams dont never sing too well no more these days      ah what care i for sorrow's tomorrow ANYWAY
yeah ANYWAY
the winds aint strong      can only break windows      time ahah      can go thru anything
but cant go backwards. sickly time. stiff neck terrible      will go t death in institution. cremate style. in      silver oven advertiazin perhaps camel cigarettes?      hot point frigerators for sure.
leave records on at nite when going t sleep      an dont be afraid of gene genet.
ghosts on the highway. they will follow you. if you travel up           these highways. dont you know that.
hold on              jeep yr eyes on the plow                          (or whatever)                     later soon me. jeanny tarter.


Signed "uh-huh".


laura speaks of God almighty dragon up avenue B cut throat lyer in long pants. barks at cream puffish meek salesman who asks: "can I help you?" acid runs off her teeth. says t shovel level headed doom freak down toilet. string up nazi football player by hands backwards. kill him at sundown hollywood bowl style. invite his mother too. laura ponders on historical documents, memorizes who gets biggest laugh.
invites friends
over t discuss matters, tells them not t answer phone no matter what, then goes out t phone booth an calls herself. devotes full time t killing evil.
stomps on cockroaches like giant force laurence of arabia swooping down from peace love beauty sweeping sky an hangs a picture of john henry over bed each nite. i sit with bandaged head two floors up.
make sign language t harpo marx, try not t compare people with people an wonder just who's gonna be born next.
"we're all in the same boat brother" rings from bong bong wall cracks. clink an little white mice scatter tryin' to stay out of each other's ships.
i shout "commander commander ok i'm here, i'm here in your vessel now where do we go? what's happening? hey hey" a thousand celloes vibrate from sound holes of rang tang dobro
i hear thunder from left right middleplace everyplace
"follow me follow me" i turn, wipe eyes an laura falls past window going downward.
"what's at?" i yell "what's at you said an who are you anyway uh huh?" laura hits bottom and screeching voice booms out
"up up up here. up here" i look high but all i can see is shut off light bulb. keyhole falls off door as ambulance screams from behind setting sun. radio gets louder an louder and i realize it'd barbara streisand singing. she's singing some song about people.
i dust myself off, write "nothing matters, dear texas" across forehead an get ready t travel west...


Dear Jamie:

Life on the road is not what it used to be.
But what used to be may not have existed anyway.
All of Europe used to be a desert.
What they say about shifting sand is not unfounded.

Everything is happening by the clock.
Without clocks there wouldn't be any useful idea of time. My soul is unaware of any time, only my mind, my poor mind which is so bombarded with dates, calendars and numbers has been deceived into believing there is such a thing as time, woe me.

hasn't everybody at some point of their life asked "What time is it?" It's no time.
The sun comes up and the sun goes down.
That's what time it is.
That's why it's taken me so long to write you this letter.

Anyway, Jamie, we say things like "Gee, was that a year ago?", or "Look at those fields that were so familiar to me as a child where now skyscrapers stand".
All of us can tell the story it was just the other day when this or that happened. That's only our minds talking.

Anyway, travelling around makes you think of these things including my thoughts to drop you a line.
Reflecting on this, brainwork brings you to the realization that this earth is truly God's footstool and until the entire world believes and obeys the same God there can be no truth or justice peace for anyone. The soul never dies and neither does it know time. OK Jamie, until the next moment, God bless you much, good luck and say hello to the boys.

Bob Dylan

P.S. Congratulations on your second year.


